The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything. — Denis Waitley
Error is discipline through which we advance. — William Ellery Channing
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. — Confucius
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude. — Zig Ziglar
In the sky there are no tracks. Outside there is no recluse. There are no conditioned things that are eternal. There is no instability in the Buddhas. — The Buddha
It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you. — Richard Bach
Do more than dream: work. — William Arthur Ward
The only way to prove that you're a good sport is to lose. — Ernie Banks
Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have. — Doris Mortman
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible. — Maya Angelou
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek. — Barack Obama
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. — Anaïs Nin
You just can't beat the person who never gives up. — Babe Ruth
Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be. — Grandma Moses
It's only when the tide goes out that you discover who's been swimming naked. — Warren Buffett
We the people are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts, not to overthrow the Constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution. — Abraham Lincoln
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye. — Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose. — John F. Kennedy
Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams. — Henry David Thoreau
Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. — Lucille Ball
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. — Robert Schuller
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it. — Laozi
One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him. — Laozi
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living. — Eckhart Tolle
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown. — Denis Waitley
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be. — Abraham Lincoln
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. — Carl Jung
Learning never exhausts the mind. — Leonardo da Vinci
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason. — Immanuel Kant
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. — Napoleon
Know from the rivers in clefts and in crevices: those in small channels flow noisily, the great flow silent. Whatever's not full makes noise. Whatever is full is quiet. — The Buddha
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind. — Albert Einstein
Character develops itself in the stream of life. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential. — Dalai Lama
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more. — Woody Allen
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything. — Denis Waitley
Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher. — Confucius
We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started. — Henry Ward Beecher
I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match. — Mia Hamm
Democracy's premise rests on the notion that the collective wisdom of the majority will prove right more often than it's wrong; that given sufficient opportunity in the pursuit of happiness, your population will develop its talents, its intellect, its better judgment; that over time its capacity for discernment and self-correction will be enlarged. — Ben Fountain
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood. — Seneca the Younger
At the center of your being, you have the answer; you know who you are, and you know what you want. — Laozi
Some people are born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple. — Barry Switzer
Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues. — Abigail Adams
Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you. — Henri-Frédéric Amiel
Knowledge is proud that it knows so much; wisdom is humble that it knows no more. — William Cowper
All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother. — Abraham Lincoln
He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today. — Tryon Edwards
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance. — Bernard Shaw
A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. — Albert Einstein
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things. — Henry David Thoreau
We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose. — Desmond Tutu
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. — Confucius
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present. — Joan Rivers
Fortune favors the brave. — Virgil
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness. — Sophocles
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world. — Archimedes
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. — Margaret Mead
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose. — Mary Pickford
From error to error one discovers the entire truth. — Sigmund Freud
I won't close down a business of subnormal profitability merely to add a fraction of a point to our corporate returns. I also feel it inappropriate for even an exceptionally profitable company to fund an operation once it appears to have unending losses in prospect. Adam Smith would disagree with my first proposition and Karl Marx would disagree with my second; the middle ground is the only position that leaves me comfortable. — Warren Buffett
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other? — George Eliot
Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom. — Plato
You can't blame gravity for falling in love. — Albert Einstein
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. — Gordon Hinckley
Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear. — Pat Riley
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. — Leo Tolstoy
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger. — Richard Bach
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing. — John Powell
We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity. — Barbara De Angelis
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something. — Plato
All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know. — Alexis Carrel
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. — Sun Tzu
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. — Albert Einstein
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more. — Nikola Tesla
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round. — William Shakespeare
By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future. — Thích Nhất Hạnh
To see things in the seed, that is genius. — Laozi
Having nothing, nothing can he lose. — William Shakespeare
You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in. — Heraclitus
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars. — Og Mandino
A goal without a plan is just a wish. — Larry Elder
See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort. — Dalai Lama
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness. — Richard Bach
Never complain and never explain. — Benjamin Disraeli
We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything. — Blaise Pascal
The industrial landscape is already littered with remains of once successful companies that could not adapt their strategic vision to altered conditions of competition. — Ralph Abernathy
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so. — Douglas Adams
Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have. — Doris Mortman
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut. — Albert Einstein
The more light you allow within you, the brighter the world you live in will be. — Shakti Gawain
Every man is a volume if you know how to read him. — William Ellery Channing
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going. — Napoleon Hill
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends. — Oscar Wilde
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The things that one most wants to do are the things that are probably most worth doing. — Winifred Holtby
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is color-blind. — Albert Schweitzer
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception; it is a prevailing attitude. — Colin Powell
Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it. — Tom Lehrer
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor. — Elon Musk
You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims. — Harriet Woods
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity. — Albert Einstein
Friendship is one of our most treasured relationships, but it isn't codified and celebrated; it's never going to give you a party. — Hanya Yanagihara
In order to win, you must expect to win. — Richard Bach
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. — Mark Twain
A goal is a dream with a deadline. — Napoleon Hill
If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable. — Seneca the Younger
I know that inner wisdom is more precious than wealth. The more you spend it, the more you gain. — Oprah Winfrey
When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves. — Viktor Frankl
Wisdom is a kind of knowledge. It is knowledge of the nature, career, and consequences of human values. — Sidney Hook
All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns. — Bruce Lee
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins. — Jim Rohn
Drop by drop is the water pot filled. Likewise, the wise man, gathering it little by little, fills himself with good. — The Buddha
If you are bitter, you are like a dry leaf that you can just squash, and you can get blown away by the wind. There is much more wisdom in forgiveness. — Vusi Mahlasela
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness. — Sigmund Freud
The fact is, with every friendship you make, and every bond of trust you establish, you are shaping the image of America projected to the rest of the world. That is so important. So when you study abroad, you're actually helping to make America stronger. — Michelle Obama
There is more wisdom in your body than in your deepest philosophy. — Friedrich Nietzsche
It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others. — Dalai Lama
Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech. — Plutarch
I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential. — Dalai Lama
We are wiser than we know. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The secret of success is constancy to purpose. — Benjamin Disraeli
Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world. — Margaret Laurence
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. — John Locke
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away. — Sophocles
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing. — Abraham Lincoln
Imagination is more important than knowledge... — Albert Einstein
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world. — Helen Keller
Love is flower like; Friendship is like a sheltering tree. — Samuel Taylor Coleridge
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things. — Leonardo da Vinci
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it. — Confucius
Correction does much, but encouragement does more. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being. — Henri-Frédéric Amiel
It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen. — John Wooden
Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer and practice it. — Richard Bach
Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life. — Hermann Hesse
The most effective way to do it, is to do it. — Amelia Earhart
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. — Aldous Huxley
The thing that is disliked by me is also disliked by others. Since I dislike this thing, how can I inflict it on someone else? — The Buddha
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. — Woody Allen
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity. — Peter Drucker
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher. — Pema Chödrön
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. — Ayn Rand
Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life. — Hermann Hesse
You can't blame gravity for falling in love. — Albert Einstein
History is written by the victors. — Winston Churchill
You give before you get. — Napoleon Hill
The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom. — Plato
The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them. — Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them. — Steve Jobs
Silence is a source of great strength. — Laozi
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf. — Jon Kabat-Zinn
When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points. — Confucius
I think that we have a great opportunity to impart our wisdom and our knowledge and our experience to this younger generation. It may be different times, but experience transcends time, and wisdom transcends time. — Victoria Osteen
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records. — William Arthur Ward
All serious daring starts from within. — Harriet Beecher Stowe
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. — Henry David Thoreau
Who sows virtue reaps honor. — Leonardo da Vinci
Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation. — Robert Schuller
Where there is great love, there are always miracles. — Willa Cather
If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor. — Daisaku Ikeda
To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god. — Napoleon
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship. — François de La Rochefoucauld
Those who cling to perceptions and views wander the world offending people. — The Buddha
Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end. — Leonard Nimoy
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are. — Epictetus
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others. — Nelson Mandela
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light. — Helen Keller
Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error. — Thomas Jefferson
The highest stage in moral culture at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts. — Charles Darwin
Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength. — Phil Jackson
Each man has his own vocation; his talent is his call. There is one direction in which all space is open to him. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another. — William Shakespeare
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea. — Napoleon Hill
We the people are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts, not to overthrow the Constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution. — Abraham Lincoln
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace. — The Buddha
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness. — Dalai Lama
If you wish to be a writer, write. — Epictetus
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others. — Confucius
Yeah, we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun. — John Lennon
In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present. — Laozi
If you want to kill any idea in the world, get a committee working on it. — Charles F. Kettering
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures. — Henry Ward Beecher
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself. — Thích Nhất Hạnh
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world. — Archimedes
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out. — Walter Benjamin
It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary. — Winston Churchill
If you do not express your own original ideas, if you do not listen to your own being, you will have betrayed yourself. — Rollo May
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend. — Martin Luther King Jr.
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games. — Babe Ruth
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing. — Isocrates
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other. — Benjamin Franklin
It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others. — Dalai Lama
Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt. — Jane Addams
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough. — Albert Einstein
I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say. — Calvin Coolidge
To fly, we have to have resistance. — Maya Lin
There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world. — Robert Louis Stevenson
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination. — Napoleon
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top. — Napoleon Hill
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed. — Václav Havel
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned. — Seneca the Younger
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking. — Henry Ford
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. — Abraham Lincoln
More often than not, anger is actually an indication of weakness rather than of strength. — Dalai Lama
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. — Benjamin Disraeli
Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done. — Amelia Earhart
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly. — Plutarch
There is no great genius without some touch of madness. — Seneca the Younger
Beware of missing chances; otherwise it may be altogether too late someday. — Franz Liszt
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators. — Edward Gibbon
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. — Colin Powell
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you. — A. A. Milne
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary. — Margaret Cousins
Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself. — Oprah Winfrey
Technology frightens me to death. It's designed by engineers to impress other engineers. And they always come with instruction booklets that are written by engineers for other engineers — which is why almost no technology ever works. — John Cleese
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant. — Isocrates
In order to win, you must expect to win. — Richard Bach
The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge. — Daniel J. Boorstin
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities. — Edward Gibbon
You have to believe in yourself. — Sun Tzu
Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away. — Robert Fulghum
To be great is to be misunderstood. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
A goal without a plan is just a wish. — Larry Elder
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. — Laozi
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can. — Richard Bach
Technology is a word that describes something that doesn't work yet. — Douglas Adams
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being. — Henri-Frédéric Amiel
Every man is a volume if you know how to read him. — William Ellery Channing
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others. — Plato
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all. — Dale Carnegie
The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought. — Léon Blum
If only wed stop trying to be happy wed have a pretty good time. — Edith Wharton
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe. — Marilyn vos Savant
All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope. — Alexandre Dumas
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing. — Abraham Lincoln
TV and the Internet are good because they keep stupid people from spending too much time out in public. — Douglas Coupland
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. — Pablo Picasso
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life. — Daisaku Ikeda
Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world. — Margaret Laurence
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. — Dwight D. Eisenhower
We have wasted History like a bunch of drunks shooting dice back in the men's crapper of the local bar. — Charles Bukowski
In every walk with nature, one receives far more than he seeks. — John Muir
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance. — Bernard Shaw
To have long term success as a coach or in any position of leadership, you have to be obsessed in some way. — Pat Riley
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all. — Edward de Bono
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them. — John C. Maxwell
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it. — J. M. Barrie
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins. — Jim Rohn
No party has a monopoly on wisdom. No democracy works without compromise. — Barack Obama
Peace begins with a smile. — Mother Teresa
In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies. — Winston Churchill
Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little. — Cheng Yen
There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil. — Benjamin Haydon
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it. — Dwight D. Eisenhower
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing. — Napoleon Hill
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches but reveal to them their own. — Benjamin Disraeli
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men. — Confucius
Our intention creates our reality. — Wayne Dyer
Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues. — Abigail Adams
I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime. — Elisabeth Kübler-Ross
Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself. — Oprah Winfrey
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of. — Blaise Pascal
To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous. — Confucius
Memory is the mother of all wisdom. — Samuel Johnson
Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity. — Barbara De Angelis
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy. — Laozi
To me, it doesn't matter how good you are. Sport is all about playing and competing. Whatever you do in cricket and in sport, enjoy it, be positive and try to win. — Ian Botham
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance. — Bernard Shaw
I owe my solitude to other people. — Alan Watts
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly. — Buckminster Fuller
The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself. — Henry Miller
Be the change that you want to see in the world. — Mahatma Gandhi
The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there. — Robert M. Pirsig
This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him. — William Lyon Phelps
A man is great by deeds, not by birth. — Chanakya
Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe. — Winston Churchill
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. — Thomas Jefferson
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. — Mother Teresa
To profit from good advice requires more wisdom than to give it. — Wilson Mizner
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. — Nelson Mandela
There is nothing permanent except change. — Heraclitus
Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have. — Doris Mortman
Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the Earth. — Abraham Lincoln
The greatest achievement of humanity is not its works of art, science, or technology, but the recognition of its own dysfunction. — Eckhart Tolle
If it turns out that there is a God, I don't think that he's evil. But the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever. — Woody Allen
Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly. — Richard Bach
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. — Gordon Hinckley
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it. — Confucius
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do. — Pope John XXIII
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done. — Bruce Lee
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. — Albert Einstein
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it. — Dwight D. Eisenhower
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us. — Helen Keller
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. — Bernard Shaw
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. — Eleanor Roosevelt
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems. — Mahatma Gandhi
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well. — René Descartes
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows. — Epictetus
He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain what he cannot lose. — Jim Elliot
To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright. — Walter Benjamin
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be — Abraham Lincoln
The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is. — Winston Churchill
There is more wisdom in your body than in your deepest philosophy. — Friedrich Nietzsche
I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself. I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing. — Michel de Montaigne
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night. — William Blake
Technology is teaching us to be human again. — Simon Mainwaring
You spend a good piece of your life gripping a baseball and in the end it turns out that it was the other way around all the time. — Jim Bouton
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less. — Marie Curie
Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites. — Richard Garriott
Let my skin and sinews and bones dry up, together with all the flesh and blood of my body! I welcome it! But I will not move from this spot until I have attained the supreme and final wisdom. — The Buddha
There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met. — William Butler Yeats
The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them. — Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour
To change one's life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions. — William James
Yeah, we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun. — John Lennon
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck. — Og Mandino
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment. — Tony Robbins
Finding good players is easy. Getting them to play as a team is another story. — Casey Stengel
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world. — Thomas Edison
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed. — Václav Havel
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him. — Albert Schweitzer
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second. — William James
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend. — Theophrastus
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. — Helen Keller
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do. — Rumi
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course. — Michelangelo
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody. — Herbert Bayard Swope
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf. — Albert Schweitzer
Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command. — Alan Watts
In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies. — Winston Churchill
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. — Buckminster Fuller
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer. — Ed Cunningham
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak. — Epictetus
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring. — Rogers Hornsby
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself. — Wayne Dyer
Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information? — George Eliot
To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself. — Søren Kierkegaard
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough. — Albert Einstein
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone. — Coco Chanel
In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies. — Winston Churchill
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom. — Isaac Asimov
He who can curb his wrath as soon as it arises, as a timely antidote will check snake's venom that so quickly spreads, — such a monk gives up the here and the beyond, just as a serpent sheds its worn-out skin. — The Buddha
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes. — Napoleon Hill
Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish. — Ovid
To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else. — Dalai Lama
A friend is, as it were, a second self. — Cicero
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability. — Zig Ziglar
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood. — Marie Curie
Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has. — Josh Billings
To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it. — Confucius
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed. — Václav Havel
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else. — Pablo Picasso
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it. — Michael Jordan
Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception. — Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours. — Richard Bach
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. — Mother Teresa
I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind. — Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there? — Richard Bach
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination. — John Dewey
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer. — Ted Williams
True friends stab you in the front. — Oscar Wilde
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them. — John Updike
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. — Robert F. Kennedy
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness. — Sigmund Freud
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it. — Woody Allen
All tremble at violence; all fear death. Putting oneself in the place of another, one should not kill nor cause another to kill. — The Buddha
Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. — Carl Jung
Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till someone dash it from them. — Sophocles
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation. — Molière
All the great performers I have worked with are fueled by a personal dream. — John Eliot
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention. — Oscar Wilde
That old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing. — Martin Luther King Jr.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. — Tony Robbins
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come. — Victor Hugo
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag. — Donald Trump
If you do not express your own original ideas, if you do not listen to your own being, you will have betrayed yourself. — Rollo May
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions. — Naguib Mahfouz
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other. — Benjamin Franklin
Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance. — Francis of Assisi
Numberless are the worlds wonders, but none more wonderful than man. — Sophocles
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves. — Mahatma Gandhi
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger. — Richard Bach
A man is great by deeds, not by birth. — Chanakya
They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. — Andy Warhol
In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by. — Lucille Ball
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage. — Confucius
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life. — Edwin Markham
The higher we are placed, the more humbly we should walk. — Cicero
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination. — Napoleon
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey. — Kenji Miyazawa
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible. — Walter Lippmann
There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with. — Marcus Aurelius
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them. — Steve Jobs
Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength. — Phil Jackson
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself. — Jim Morrison
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. — Confucius
Should a person do good, let him do it again and again. Let him find pleasure therein, for blissful is the accumulation of good. — The Buddha
To see things in the seed, that is genius. — Laozi
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick. — Bruce Lee
Step with care and great tact and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act. — Dr. Seuss
The best way to predict your future is to create it. — Peter Drucker
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less. — Marie Curie
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere. — Carl Sagan
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends. — Friedrich Nietzsche
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. — Jim Rohn
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change. — Wayne Dyer
You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims. — Harriet Woods
In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present. — Laozi
Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be. — Marcus Aurelius
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it. — Confucius
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. — Tony Robbins
Life is just a chance to grow a soul. — A. Powell Davies
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. — Judy Garland
The lure of the distant and the difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are. — John Burroughs
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk. — Doug Larson
If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor. — Albert Einstein
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you. — A. A. Milne
Heedfulness is the path to the Deathless. Heedlessness is the path to death. The heedful die not. The heedless are as if already dead. — The Buddha
I will not be concerned at other men's not knowing me; I will be concerned at my own want of ability. — Confucius
But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine. — Thomas Jefferson
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours. — Richard Bach
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else. — John Keats
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. — E. E. Cummings
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same. — Elbert Hubbard
Wisdom cannot come by railroad or automobile or airplane or be hurried up by telegraph or telephone. — John Burroughs
If only wed stop trying to be happy wed have a pretty good time. — Edith Wharton
Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it. — Karl Menninger
I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done. — Lucille Ball
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship. — Louisa May Alcott
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging. — Will Rogers
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one. — John Wooden
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails. — William Arthur Ward
But I'll tell you what hermits realize. If you go off into a far, far forest and get very quiet, you'll come to understand that you're connected with everything. — Alan Watts
In times of change, learners inherit the earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists. — Eric Hoffer
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches but reveal to them their own. — Benjamin Disraeli
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach. — Tony Robbins
In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first; the cash will come later. — Harold Geneen
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet. — Joseph Joubert
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night. — Edgar Allan Poe
Silence is deep as Eternity; Speech is shallow as Time. — Thomas Carlyle
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. — Jimmy Dean
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small. — Laozi
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it. — Woody Allen
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps. — Confucius
There is nothing impossible to him who will try. — Alexander the Great
There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you. — Paramahansa Yogananda
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on. — Winston Churchill
If you're trying to create a company, it's like baking a cake. You have to have all the ingredients in the right proportion. — Elon Musk
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work. — Warren Bennis
An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts. — John Junor
Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute. — Hal Abelson
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today. — H. G. Wells
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom. — Euripides
Life is the only real counselor; wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue. — Edith Wharton
All serious daring starts from within. — Harriet Beecher Stowe
To fly, we have to have resistance. — Maya Lin
Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance. — Jean Antoine Petit-Senn
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it. — Albert Schweitzer
Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love. — Mahatma Gandhi
The simplest things are often the truest. — Richard Bach
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle. — Kahlil Gibran
Any sufficiently advanced technology is equivalent to magic. — Arthur C. Clarke
A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring. — François de La Rochefoucauld
True friends stab you in the front. — Oscar Wilde
Technology made large populations possible; large populations now make technology indispensable. — Joseph Wood Krutch
Be Impeccable with Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love. — Don Miguel Ruiz
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much. — Blaise Pascal
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last. — Winston Churchill
Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
He who angers you conquers you. — Elizabeth Kenny
Eighty percent of success is showing up. — Woody Allen
Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be. — Marcus Aurelius
His lack of education is more than compensated for by his keenly developed moral bankruptcy. — Woody Allen
Technology is destructive only in the hands of people who do not realize that they are one and the same process as the universe. — Alan Watts
There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain. — Plato
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. — Albert Einstein
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas. — Marie Curie
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning. — Laozi
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous. — Confucius
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit. — Aristotle
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. — Sam Levenson
If you can dream it, you can do it. — Walt Disney
By accepting yourself and being fully what you are, your presence can make others happy. — Jane Roberts
This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him. — William Lyon Phelps
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek. — Barack Obama
Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world. By non-hatred alone is hatred appeased. This is a law eternal. — The Buddha
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you. — A. A. Milne
Knowing is not enough; we must apply! — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts. — John Locke
People usually compare the computer to the head of the human being. I would say that hardware is the bone of the head, the skull. The semiconductor is the brain within the head. The software is the wisdom. And data is the knowledge. — Masayoshi Son
Acquaintances we meet, enjoy, and can easily leave behind; but friendship grows deep roots. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
The most effective way to do it, is to do it. — Amelia Earhart
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present. — Joan Rivers
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures. — Henry Ward Beecher
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility. — Napoleon Hill
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands. — Anne Frank
I am fond of pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals. — Winston Churchill
Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable. — Franz Kafka
By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future. — Thích Nhất Hạnh
Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price we'll have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal. — Vince Lombardi
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top. — Napoleon Hill
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. — Albert Einstein
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves. — William Shakespeare
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise. — Sigmund Freud
Study the past, if you would divine the future. — Confucius
I want my friend to miss me as long as I miss him. — Augustine of Hippo
The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you can see. — Winston Churchill
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour. — Mary Kay Ash
There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with. — Marcus Aurelius
Faith, as well intentioned as it may be, must be built on facts, not fiction--faith in fiction is a damnable false hope. — Thomas Edison
Knowledge is going to make you stronger. Knowledge is going to let you control your life. Knowledge is going to give you the wisdom to teach their children. Knowledge is the thing that makes you smile in the face of disaster. — Avery Brooks
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results. — Jack Dixon
What makes Superman a hero is not that he has power, but that he has the wisdom and the maturity to use the power wisely. From an acting point of view, that's how I approached the part. — Christopher Reeve
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness. — Sophocles
Before we acquire great power, we must acquire wisdom to use it well. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows. — Epictetus
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them. — William Shakespeare
All great achievements require time. — Maya Angelou
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want. — Muhammad Ali
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness. — Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get. — Michael Phelps
Conditions fall apart. Persist with diligence. — The Buddha
From error to error one discovers the entire truth. — Sigmund Freud
But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils; for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint. — Edmund Burke
If you wish to be a writer, write. — Epictetus
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love. — Jane Austen
None knows the weight of another's burden. — George Herbert
Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites. — Richard Garriott
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life. — Daisaku Ikeda
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done. — Lucille Ball
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life. — Daisaku Ikeda
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another. — William Shakespeare
In every walk with nature, one receives far more than he seeks. — John Muir
Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor. — Albert Einstein
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them. — John Updike
To choose what is difficult all one's days, as if it were easy, that is faith. — W. H. Auden
Not all those who wander are lost. — J. R. R. Tolkien
Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow. — Helen Keller
Happiness mainly comes from our own attitude, rather than from external factors. — Dalai Lama
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten. — Tony Robbins
The simplest things are often the truest. — Richard Bach
A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one. — Chuck Norris
The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought. — Léon Blum
The greatest remedy for anger is delay. — Seneca the Younger
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. — Winston Churchill
I am fond of pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals. — Winston Churchill
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence. — Publilius Syrus
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it. — Marcus Aurelius
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them. — Kahlil Gibran
There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you. — Paramahansa Yogananda
A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one. — Chuck Norris
No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like. — Napoleon Hill
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water. — Rabindranath Tagore
All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out. — Albert Camus
We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy. — Arthur Ashe
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success! — Doug Larson
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation. — Charlotte Brontë
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one. — Oscar Wilde
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference. — Tom Brokaw
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. — Pablo Picasso
Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education. — Thomas Carlyle
There is no greater harm than that of time wasted. — Michelangelo
When a thing is done, it's done. Don't look back. Look forward to your next objective. — George Marshall
Reflect on your present blessings, of which every man has many; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some. — Charles Dickens
The smaller the mind the greater the conceit. — Aesop
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it. — Confucius
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye. — Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose. — Richard Bach
Science and technology revolutionize our lives, but memory, tradition and myth frame our response. — Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr.
Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be. — Marsha Petrie Sue
Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom. — Rumi
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand. — Woodrow Wilson
There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world. — Robert Louis Stevenson
To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else. — Dalai Lama
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you. — A. A. Milne
Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity. — Voltaire
Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal. — Hannah More
A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work. — John Lubbock
He who knows himself is enlightened. — Laozi
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records. — William Arthur Ward
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing. — Baltasar Gracián
Happiness depends upon ourselves. — Aristotle
A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do. — Chuck Norris
Life is just a chance to grow a soul. — A. Powell Davies
When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run. — Abraham Lincoln
O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive! — Walter Scott
Great acts are made up of small deeds. — Laozi
Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt. — Jane Addams
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. — Buckminster Fuller
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something. — Plato
Never accept ultimatums, conventional wisdom, or absolutes. — Christopher Reeve
You can't choose up sides on a round world. — Wayne Dyer
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck. — Og Mandino
As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round. — Ben Hogan
I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder. — G. K. Chesterton
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy. — William Blake
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed. — Václav Havel
Life is what happens while you are making other plans. — John Lennon
Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it. — M. Scott Peck
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much. — Blaise Pascal
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along. — George Herbert
There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain. — Plato
How is it possible to find meaning in a finite world, given my waist and shirt size? — Woody Allen
We must become the change we want to see. — Mahatma Gandhi
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake. — Napoleon
As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be. — Saul Alinsky
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it. — Winston Churchill
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence. — George Washington
The world is but a canvas to the imagination. — Henry David Thoreau
The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose. — Dale Earnhardt
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others. — Confucius
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome. — Michael Jordan
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much. — Blaise Pascal
To fly, we have to have resistance. — Maya Lin
As an elephant in the battlefield withstands arrows shot from bows all around, even so shall I endure abuse. — The Buddha
In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies. — Winston Churchill
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things. — Peter Drucker
The only journey is the one within. — Rainer Maria Rilke
He who is taught to live upon little owes more to his father's wisdom than he who has a great deal left him does to his father's care. — William C. Menninger
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important. — Arthur Conan Doyle
Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know. — Richard Bach
The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action. — John Dewey
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. — Eleanor Roosevelt
Friendships are the family we make - not the one we inherit. I've always been someone to whom friendship, elective affinities, is as important as family. — Salman Rushdie
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish. — John Adams
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future. — Bernard Shaw
The lure of the distant and the difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are. — John Burroughs
Excellence, then, is a state concerned with choice, lying in a mean, relative to us, this being determined by reason and in the way in which the man of practical wisdom would determine it. — Aristotle
So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion. — Thomas Paine
Know from the rivers in clefts and in crevices: those in small channels flow noisily, the great flow silent. Whatever's not full makes noise. Whatever is full is quiet. — The Buddha
Friends are the siblings God never gave us. — Mencius
His lack of education is more than compensated for by his keenly developed moral bankruptcy. — Woody Allen
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of. — Benjamin Franklin
To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright. — Walter Benjamin
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone. — Coco Chanel
I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean. — Isocrates
The universe is made of stories, not atoms. — Muriel Rukeyser
What sweetness is left in life, if you take away friendship? Robbing life of friendship is like robbing the world of the sun. A true friend is more to be esteemed than kinsfolk. — Cicero
There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain. — Plato
Conquer anger with non-anger. Conquer badness with goodness. Conquer meanness with generosity. Conquer dishonesty with truth. — The Buddha
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict. — William Ellery Channing
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. — Helen Keller
When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it. — W. Clement Stone
I will prepare and some day my chance will come. — Abraham Lincoln
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not. — Mignon McLaughlin
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will. — Zig Ziglar
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. — Walt Disney
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf. — Albert Schweitzer
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf. — Jon Kabat-Zinn
I know that inner wisdom is more precious than wealth. The more you spend it, the more you gain. — Oprah Winfrey
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover. — Henri Poincaré
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose. — Mary Pickford
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield. — Warren Buffett
Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in. — Katherine Mansfield
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one. — Eleanor Roosevelt
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. — Albert Einstein
Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions. — Albert Einstein
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe. — Abraham Lincoln
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned. — Seneca the Younger
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do. — B. F. Skinner
All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother. — Abraham Lincoln
Character develops itself in the stream of life. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all. — Ovid
How many legs does a dog have if you call his tail a leg? Four. Saying that a tail is a leg doesn't make it a leg. — Abraham Lincoln
There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires. — The Buddha
All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know. — Alexis Carrel
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
The greatest obstacle to connecting with our joy is resentment. — Pema Chödrön
Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom. — Plato
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level. — Joyce Brothers
Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind. — Plato
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy. — Ludwig van Beethoven
We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything. — Blaise Pascal
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful. — John Wooden
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best. — Marilyn Monroe
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives. — Tony Robbins
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love. — Laozi
Of all possessions a friend is the most precious. — Herodotus
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be. — Thomas Jefferson
The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same. — Carlos Castaneda
If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom. — Bodhidharma
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility. — Napoleon Hill
The industrial landscape is already littered with remains of once successful companies that could not adapt their strategic vision to altered conditions of competition. — Ralph Abernathy
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak. — Thomas Carlyle
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all. — Ovid
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him. — Albert Schweitzer
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it. — Pablo Picasso
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. — Thomas Jefferson
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundred teaching it. — Knute Rockne
Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life. — James F. Byrnes
Patience is the companion of wisdom. — Augustine of Hippo
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. — Wayne Dyer
The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can. — Neil Gaiman
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. — Albert Einstein
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate. — Albert Schweitzer
Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom. — Plato
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose. — Mary Pickford
The greater part of human pain is unnecessary. It is self-created as long as the unobserved mind runs your life. — Eckhart Tolle
True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks. — Jerome
Before we acquire great power, we must acquire wisdom to use it well. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do not scorn what you have received, nor envy the gains of others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind. — The Buddha
Do all things with love. — Og Mandino
The things that one most wants to do are the things that are probably most worth doing. — Winifred HoltbyThe greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove oneself a fool; the truest heroism is to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom, to know when it ought to be resisted, and when it be obeyed. — Nathaniel Hawthorne
Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship. — Epicurus
A friend is a gift you give yourself. — Robert Louis Stevenson
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. — Laozi
He who knows himself is enlightened. — Laozi
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open. — John Barrymore
Science and technology revolutionize our lives, but memory, tradition and myth frame our response. — Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr.
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things. — Henry David Thoreau
I cannot make my days longer, so I strive to make them better. — Henry David Thoreau
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure. — Napoleon Hill
The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention. — John Burroughs
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you. — Alan Watts
Do all things with love. — Og Mandino
Light tomorrow with today! — Elizabeth Browning
There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest. The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest. — Confucius
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them. — Epictetus
Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always. — Oprah Winfrey
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help. — Epicurus
Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you. — Henri-Frédéric Amiel
Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken. — Laurence J. Peter
Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences. — Plato
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye. — Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else. — Winston Churchill
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil. — Baltasar Gracián
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be. — Thomas Jefferson
Everyone in the world ought to do the things for which he is specially adapted. It is the part of wisdom to recognize what each one of us is best fitted for, and it is the part of education to perfect and utilize such predispositions. Because education can direct and aid nature but can never transform her. — Maria Montessori
All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention. — Rudolf Arnheim
He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce. — Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
All wisdom does not reside in Delhi. — P. Chidambaram
Each day provides its own gifts. — Marcus Aurelius
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it. — J. M. Barrie
A disciplined mind brings happiness. — The Buddha
All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know. — Alexis Carrel
Error is discipline through which we advance. — William Ellery Channing
Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom. — Francis Bacon
Wisdom is found only in truth. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces; but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports. — Richard Burton
Read as you taste fruit or savor wine, or enjoy friendship, love or life. — George Herbert
Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best. — Henry van Dyke Jr.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind. — Bruce Lee
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends. — Friedrich Nietzsche
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small. — Laozi
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. — Jim Rohn
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction. — Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly. — Henri Bergson
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned. — Charles W. Chesnutt
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than you and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world. — Judy Collins
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing. — Napoleon Hill
It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end. — Leonardo da Vinci
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one. — John Lennon
Just as a solid rock is not shaken by the storm, even so the wise are not affected by praise or blame. — The Buddha
I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else. — Winston Churchill
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. — Benjamin Franklin
Never complain and never explain. — Benjamin Disraeli
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well. — René Descartes
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do. — B. F. Skinner
The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining. — John F. Kennedy
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us. — Voltaire
None knows the weight of another's burden. — George Herbert
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. — Confucius
Acquaintances we meet, enjoy, and can easily leave behind; but friendship grows deep roots. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. — Wayne Dyer
In the sky there are no tracks. Outside there is no recluse. There are no conditioned things that are eternal. There is no instability in the Buddhas. — The Buddha
I took a speed-reading course and read 'War and Peace' in twenty minutes. It involves Russia. — Woody Allen
Does wisdom perhaps appear on the earth as a raven which is inspired by the smell of carrion? — Friedrich Nietzsche
It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary. — Winston Churchill
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too. — Mark Twain
All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it! — Bob Newhart
The day of fortune is like a harvest day, we must be busy when the corn is ripe. — Torquato Tasso
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. — Samuel Beckett
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down. — Oprah Winfrey
One that desires to excel should endeavor in those things that are in themselves most excellent. — Epictetus
No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit. — Helen Keller
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit. — Baltasar Gracián
Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done. — Amelia Earhart
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. — Laozi
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for. — Maureen Dowd
Cunning... is but the low mimic of wisdom. — Plato
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity. — Calvin Coolidge
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves. — Carl Jung
Love has no age, no limit; and no death. — John Galsworthy
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were. — David Rockefeller
Happiness depends upon ourselves. — Aristotle
Before we acquire great power, we must acquire wisdom to use it well. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts. — Alan Cohen
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer. — Ted Williams
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts. — Aristotle
I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice. — Abraham Lincoln
Myths which are believed in tend to become true. — George Orwell
I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others. — Confucius
The way you see people is the way you treat them, and the way you treat them is what they become. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day. — Marian Wright Edelman
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all. — Ovid
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it. — Jean-Paul Sartre
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you. — A. A. Milne
The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me new courage to face life cheerfully, have been Kindness, Beauty, and Truth. The trite subjects of human efforts, possessions, outward success, luxury have always seemed to me contemptible. — Albert Einstein
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. — Laozi
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience. — Robert Fulghum
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do. — Leonardo da Vinci
When deeds and words are in accord, the whole world is transformed. — Zhuang Zhou
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work... I want to achieve it through not dying. — Woody Allen
We may encounter many defeats, but we must not be defeated. — Maya Angelou
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. — Harriet Beecher Stowe
I will prepare and some day my chance will come. — Abraham Lincoln
The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues. — René Descartes
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances. — Martha Washington
Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings. — Arthur Rubinstein
It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it. — Sam Levenson
Ethical axioms are found and tested not very differently from the axioms of science. Truth is what stands the test of experience. — Albert Einstein
Even an animal, if you show genuine affection, gradually trust develops... If you always showing bad face and beating, how can you develop friendship? — Dalai Lama
Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could. — Charles Dickens
Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation. — Robert Schuller
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. — Mahatma Gandhi
Friendship increases in visiting friends, but in visiting them seldom. — Francis Bacon
Your friend is your needs answered. — Kahlil Gibran
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times. — Napoleon Hill
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. — Yogi Berra
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather. — John Ruskin
Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does. — Jane Austen
We can only learn to love by loving. — Iris Murdoch
Value your friendship. Value your relationships. — Barbara Bush
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander. — Abraham Lincoln
If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair. — Samuel Johnson
If you have a harem of 40 women, you never get to know any of them very well. — Warren Buffett
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise. — Horace
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out. — Jack Buck
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. — Norman Vincent Peale
Never deny a diagnosis but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it. — Norman Cousins
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly. — Epictetus
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. — Eleanor Roosevelt
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. — Leo Tolstoy
Independence is happiness. — Susan B. Anthony
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself. — Jim Morrison
He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today. — Tryon Edwards
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you. — Laozi
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things. — Leonardo da Vinci
Each man has his own vocation; his talent is his call. There is one direction in which all space is open to him. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on. — Winston Churchill
I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live by the light that I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right, and stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong. — Abraham Lincoln
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you. — Loretta Young
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all. — Erasmus
Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it. — Eckhart Tolle
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them. — John Updike
One should train in deeds of merit—generosity, a balanced life, developing a loving mind—that yield long-lasting happiness. — The Buddha
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. ‘Til your good is better and your better is best. — Jerome
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat. — Napoleon
The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being. — Jane Wyman
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly. — Sam Keen
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds. — Wayne Dyer
Myths which are believed in tend to become true. — George Orwell
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence. — Leonardo da Vinci
The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can. — Neil Gaiman
When times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge. — Robert Kiyosaki
'As I am, so are these. As are these, so am I.' Drawing the parallel to yourself, neither kill nor get others to kill. — The Buddha
The lure of the distant and the difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are. — John Burroughs
You can do it if you believe you can! — Napoleon Hill
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck. — Og Mandino
As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be. — Saul Alinsky
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, but they also undermine our health. — Dalai Lama
The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there. — Robert M. Pirsig
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. — Albert Einstein
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. — Napoleon Hill
Change your thoughts and you change your world. — Norman Vincent Peale
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps. — Confucius
As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round. — Ben Hogan
Any sufficiently advanced technology is equivalent to magic. — Arthur C. Clarke
We live in a society bloated with data yet starved for wisdom. We're connected 24/7, yet anxiety, fear, depression and loneliness are at an all-time high. We must course-correct. — Elizabeth Kapu'uwailani Lindsey
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them. — Galileo Galilei
The noblest worship is to make yourself as good and as just as you can. — Isocrates
A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire. — François de La Rochefoucauld
All of our technology is completely unnecessary to a happy life. — Tom Hodgkinson
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends. — Oscar Wilde
To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god. — Napoleon
It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself. — Betty Friedan
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it. — Jean-Paul Sartre
Everything that happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so. — Marcus Aurelius
To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist. — Gail Sheehy
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else. — Pablo Picasso
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude. — Ralph Marston
The strong bond of friendship is not always a balanced equation; friendship is not always about giving and taking in equal shares. Instead, friendship is grounded in a feeling that you know exactly who will be there for you when you need something, no matter what or when. — Simon Sinek
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort. — John Ruskin
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid. — Audre Lorde
Commitment is an act, not a word. — Jean-Paul Sartre
Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences. — Plato
Two of man's basic needs are to love and to share. Both of these needs are satisfied in greater or lesser degree by friendship. — Mother Angelica
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation. — Molière
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it. — Oprah Winfrey
One is not called noble who harms living beings. By not harming living beings one is called noble. — The Buddha
Who sows virtue reaps honor. — Leonardo da Vinci
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship. — François de La Rochefoucauld
Do I speak at the right time, or not? Do I speak of facts, or not? Do I speak gently or harshly? Do I speak profitable words or not? Do I speak with a kindly heart, or inwardly malicious? — The Buddha
Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does. — Jane Austen
Ethics change with technology. — Larry Niven
You spend a good piece of your life gripping a baseball and in the end it turns out that it was the other way around all the time. — Jim Bouton
The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself. — Henry Miller
The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers. — Sydney J. Harris
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring. — Rogers Hornsby
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable. — Seneca the Younger
Be slow of tongue and quick of eye. — Miguel de Cervantes
He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce. — Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world. — Jane Addams
TV and the Internet are good because they keep stupid people from spending too much time out in public. — Douglas Coupland
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out. — Walter Benjamin
The beginning is always today. — Mary Wollstonecraft
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open. — John Barrymore
Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in. — Katherine Mansfield
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be. — Abraham Lincoln
Remember that a gesture of friendship, no matter how small, is always appreciated. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get. — Michael Phelps
The fact is, with every friendship you make, and every bond of trust you establish, you are shaping the image of America projected to the rest of the world. That is so important. So when you study abroad, you're actually helping to make America stronger. — Michelle Obama
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless. — Thomas Edison
One that desires to excel should endeavor in those things that are in themselves most excellent. — Epictetus
Marriage is the highest state of friendship. If happy, it lessens our cares by dividing them, at the same time that it doubles our pleasures by mutual participation. — Samuel Richardson
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age. — Anaïs Nin
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. — Albert Einstein
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are. — Marianne Williamson
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. — Napoleon Hill
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it. — Winston Churchill
There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else. — Sam Walton
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present. — Babatunde Olatunji
Technology frightens me to death. It's designed by engineers to impress other engineers. And they always come with instruction booklets that are written by engineers for other engineers — which is why almost no technology ever works. — John Cleese
Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have. — Doris Mortman
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice. — Stephen Covey
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept. — Samuel Butler
In every walk with nature, one receives far more than he seeks. — John Muir
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be. — Thomas à Kempis
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has. — Margaret Mead
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
But I'll tell you what hermits realize. If you go off into a far, far forest and get very quiet, you'll come to understand that you're connected with everything. — Alan Watts
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship. — John Locke
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship. — Benjamin Franklin
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. — Carl Jung
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind. — Napoleon
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves... there lies the great, singular power of self-respect. — Joan Didion
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination. — John Lennon
All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out. — Albert Camus
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. — Carol Burnett
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory. — George S. Patton
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. — Napoleon Hill
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness. — Sigmund Freud
We respect our elders. There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel. — Marcia Fudge
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one. — Oscar Wilde
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous. — Confucius
I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts. — Abraham Lincoln
He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce. — Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
I love my past. I love my present. I'm not ashamed of what I've had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer. — Colette
A disciplined mind brings happiness. — The Buddha
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions. — Leonardo da Vinci
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present. — Babatunde Olatunji
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome. — Anne Bradstreet
Quality is not an act; it is a habit. — Aristotle
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often. — Winston Churchill
Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it. — Oscar Wilde
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them. — Tony Robbins
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get. — Michael Phelps
The essence of true friendship is to make allowance for another's little lapses. — Ovid
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. — Woody Allen
Never mistake motion for action. — Ernest Hemingway
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else. — Laurence J. Peter
Friendship is but another name for an alliance with the follies and the misfortunes of others. Our own share of miseries is sufficient: why enter then as volunteers into those of another? — Thomas Jefferson
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. — Laozi
God made me fast. And when I run, I feel His pleasure. — Eric Liddell
Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have. — Jean-Paul Sartre
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it. — Colin Powell
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise. — Sigmund Freud
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living. — Nelson Mandela
You cannot find yourself by going into the past. You can find yourself by coming into the present. — Eckhart Tolle
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries. — A. A. Milne
It's supposed to be automatic, but actually you have to push this button. — John Brunner
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility. — Napoleon Hill
The sincere friends of this world are as ship lights in the stormiest of nights. — Giotto
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life. — Immanuel Kant
To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest. — Pema Chödrön
Where there is great love, there are always miracles. — Willa Cather
I think that novels that leave out technology misrepresent life as badly as Victorians misrepresented life by leaving out sex. — Kurt Vonnegut
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention. — Jim Rohn
Each friend represents a world in us, a world not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born. — Anaïs Nin
A thing well said will be wit in all languages. — John Dryden
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth. — Alan Watts
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know. — Pema Chödrön
Most of our pocket wisdom is conceived for the use of mediocre people, to discourage them from ambitious attempts, and generally console them in their mediocrity. — Robert Louis Stevenson
Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without being crippled by your own judgement. — Ralph Marston
Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites. — Richard Garriott
Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship. — Lord Byron
If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead. — Erma Bombeck
We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us. — Marcel Proust
The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers. — Thích Nhất Hạnh
I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean. — Isocrates
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way. — Booker T. Washington
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship. — Benjamin Franklin
And when the world is created, it is created in such a way that those eternal objects of God's loving wisdom become actualities - interacting with one another, relating to God in the finite realm. — Rowan Williams
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius. — Arthur Conan Doyle
No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution. — Niccolò Machiavelli
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage. — Confucius
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get. — Michael Phelps
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment. — Tony Robbins
Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing. — Wayne Dyer
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. — Confucius
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world. — Marcus Aurelius
Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything. — Muhammad Ali
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along. — George Herbert
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference. — Tom Brokaw
When in doubt, tell the truth. — Mark Twain
If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place. — Laozi
If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor. — Daisaku Ikeda
If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead. — Erma Bombeck
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly. — Sam Keen
Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything. — John Kenneth Galbraith
Let my skin and sinews and bones dry up, together with all the flesh and blood of my body! I welcome it! But I will not move from this spot until I have attained the supreme and final wisdom. — The Buddha
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past; wisdom is of the future. — Vernon Cooper
You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back? — W. Clement Stone
Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error. — Thomas Jefferson
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. — Bernard Shaw
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat. — Napoleon Hill
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. — Robert Schuller
If only wed stop trying to be happy wed have a pretty good time. — Edith Wharton
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning. — Larry Page
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. — Walt Disney
No man was ever wise by chance. — Seneca the Younger
I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself. I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing. — Michel de Montaigne
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention. — Oscar Wilde
A tree is known by its fruit; a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love. — Basil of Caesarea
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations. — Chuck Swindoll
There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you. — Paramahansa Yogananda
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. — Francis Bacon
No party has a monopoly on wisdom. No democracy works without compromise. — Barack Obama
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all. — Ovid
People usually compare the computer to the head of the human being. I would say that hardware is the bone of the head, the skull. The semiconductor is the brain within the head. The software is the wisdom. And data is the knowledge. — Masayoshi Son
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be. — Thomas à Kempis
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. — Benjamin Disraeli
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. — Nathaniel Hawthorne
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring. — Rogers Hornsby
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures. — Henry Ward Beecher
There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil. — Benjamin Haydon
Knowledge is proud that it knows so much; wisdom is humble that it knows no more. — William Cowper
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower. — Albert Camus
A friend is a gift you give yourself. — Robert Louis Stevenson
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone. — Orson Welles
See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort. — Dalai Lama
The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react. — George Bernard Shaw
It is the neglect of timely repair that makes rebuilding necessary. — Richard Whately
You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in. — Heraclitus
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe. — Laozi
Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life. — Hermann Hesse
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all. — Erasmus
He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law. — Pablo Picasso
Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people. — William Butler Yeats
Absence makes the heart grow fonder. — Thomas Haynes Bayly
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out. — Walter Winchell
An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts. — John Junor
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change. — Wayne Dyer
The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you can see. — Winston Churchill
Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life. — Seneca the Younger
Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us! — Richard Bach
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. — Albert Einstein
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page. — Augustine of Hippo
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes. — Napoleon Hill
Do more than dream: work. — William Arthur Ward
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character. — Margaret Chase Smith
We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit. — Albert Schweitzer
Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain. — Kahlil Gibran
Life is what happens while you are making other plans. — John Lennon
I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match. — Mia Hamm
Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either. — Albert Einstein
Absence makes the heart grow fonder. — Thomas Haynes Bayly
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her. — David Brinkley
Don't talk about what you have done or what you are going to do. — Thomas Jefferson
Never promise more than you can perform. — Publilius Syrus
Two persons cannot long be friends if they cannot forgive each other's little failings. — Jean de La Bruyère
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love. — David McCullough
Reality does not conform to the ideal but confirms it. — Gustave Flaubert
You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is. — Will Rogers
Time is the wisest counsellor of all. — Pericles
It is the quality of our work which will please God, not the quantity. — Mahatma Gandhi
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend. — Henri Bergson
You spend a good piece of your life gripping a baseball and in the end it turns out that it was the other way around all the time. — Jim Bouton
On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, in every rill a sweet instruction flows. — Edward Young
All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted. — Teresa of Ávila
The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend. — Henry David Thoreau
Technology is destructive only in the hands of people who do not realize that they are one and the same process as the universe. — Alan Watts
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand. — Woodrow Wilson
Remember that a gesture of friendship, no matter how small, is always appreciated. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain what he cannot lose. — Jim Elliot
The awareness of our own strength makes us modest. — Paul Cézanne
There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is generally the greatest fool. — Francis Bacon
It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end. — Leonardo da Vinci
We may encounter many defeats, but we must not be defeated. — Maya Angelou
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth. — Alan Watts
Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts. — Dan Gable
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing. — Tony Blair
Resolutely train yourself to attain peace. — The Buddha
But at any rate, the point is that God is what nobody admits to being, and everybody really is. — Alan Watts
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness. — Laozi
The pain passes, but the beauty remains. — Pierre-Auguste Renoir
When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless. — Pema Chödrön
At the center of your being, you have the answer; you know who you are, and you know what you want. — Laozi
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace. — Dalai Lama
Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception. — Samuel Taylor Coleridge
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living. — Eckhart Tolle
Marriage: A friendship recognized by the police. — Robert Louis Stevenson
Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose. — Simone Weil
Never, never, never give up. — Winston Churchill
All experiences are preceded by mind, having mind as their master, created by mind. — The Buddha
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment. — Pema Chödrön
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. — Margaret Mead
Who sows virtue reaps honor. — Leonardo da Vinci
Correction does much, but encouragement does more. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre. — Uta Hagen
When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it. — A. Powell Davies
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him. — Albert Schweitzer
Friendship is but another name for an alliance with the follies and the misfortunes of others. Our own share of miseries is sufficient: why enter then as volunteers into those of another? — Thomas Jefferson
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her. — David Brinkley
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice. — Anton Chekhov
Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow. — Aesop
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher. — Pema Chödrön
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow. — A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Learning never exhausts the mind. — Leonardo da Vinci
Be the chief but never the lord. — Laozi
The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react. — George Bernard Shaw
Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us! — Richard Bach
Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available. — James M. Beggs
Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes. — Carl Jung
All our talents increase in the using, and every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise. — Anne Brontë
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. — Stephen Hawking
Once a new technology rolls over you, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road. — Stewart Brand
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought. — Laurence J. Peter
Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember. — Seneca the Younger
America's freedom of religion, and freedom from religion, offers every wisdom tradition an opportunity to address our soul-deep needs: Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, secular humanism, agnosticism and atheism among others. — Parker Palmer
Fortune befriends the bold. — John Dryden
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher. — Pema Chödrön
Practice yourself, for heaven's sake in little things, and then proceed to greater. — Epictetus
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing. — Baltasar Gracián
The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself. — Confucius
Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding. — Albert Einstein
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too. — Mark Twain
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. — Albert Einstein
Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them. — Richard Bach
Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it. — Oscar Wilde
Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it. — Eckhart Tolle
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others. — Confucius
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish. — Ovid
Sadness flies away on the wings of time. — Jean de La Fontaine
What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself. — Abraham Maslow
Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty. — Doris Day
I owe my solitude to other people. — Alan Watts
A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do. — Chuck Norris
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others. — Wayne Dyer
I am fond of pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals. — Winston Churchill
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions. — Leonardo da Vinci
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundred teaching it. — Knute Rockne
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. — Norman Vincent Peale
When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it. — W. Clement Stone
A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself. — May Sarton
The more you care, the stronger you can be. — Jim Rohn
Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do. — Dhammapada
The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness. — Michel de Montaigne
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them. — John Updike
Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. — Arthur Conan Doyle
If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of doubts of my own. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Neatness begets order; but from order to taste there is the same difference as from taste to genius, or from love to friendship. — Johann Kaspar Lavater
Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in. — Katherine Mansfield
Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel. — Mary Kay Ash
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship. — Francis de Sales
Friendship is but another name for an alliance with the follies and the misfortunes of others. Our own share of miseries is sufficient: why enter then as volunteers into those of another? — Thomas Jefferson
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart. — Washington Irving
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world. — Helen Keller
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along. — George Herbert
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. — Mahatma Gandhi
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. — Nelson Mandela
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler. — Denis Waitley
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable. — Bruce Lee
Life is what happens while you are making other plans. — John Lennon
Sadness flies away on the wings of time. — Jean de La Fontaine
The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance. — Benjamin Franklin
What worries you masters you. — Haddon Robinson
Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship. — Epicurus
Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things. — Joe Paterno
The Universal Zulu Nation stands to acknowledge wisdom, understanding, freedom, justice, and equality, peace, unity, love, and having fun, work, overcoming the negative through the positive, science, mathematics, faith, facts, and the wonders of God, whether we call him Allah, Jehovah, Yahweh, or Jah. — Afrika Bambaataa
Conditions fall apart. Persist with diligence. — The Buddha
If I know what love is, it is because of you. — Hermann Hesse
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience. — Robert Fulghum
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened. — Dr. Seuss
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved. — Helen Keller
Smile, breathe and go slowly. — Thích Nhất Hạnh
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not but rejoices for those which he has. — Epictetus
Never find fault with the absent. — Alexander Pope
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act. — Anatole France
Life is the only real counselor; wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue. — Edith Wharton
The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident. — Charles Lamb
The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend. — Henry David Thoreau
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. — Abraham Lincoln
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one. — John Lennon
Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech. — Plutarch
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises. — Demosthenes
Whoso loves, believes the impossible. — Elizabeth Browning
Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions. — John F. Kennedy
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail. — Abraham Maslow
Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were. — David Rockefeller
Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow. — Melody Beattie
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives. — Euripides
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees. — J. Willard Marriott
It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them. — Confucius
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. — Harriet Beecher Stowe
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life. — Edwin Markham
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible. — Voltaire
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action. — Benjamin Disraeli
Every problem has a gift for you in its hands. — Richard Bach
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be. — Bruce Lee
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last. — Winston Churchill
The greatest achievement of humanity is not its works of art, science, or technology, but the recognition of its own dysfunction. — Eckhart Tolle
Love is a serious mental disease. — Plato
Accept the things to which fate binds you and love the people with whom fate brings you together but do so with all your heart. — Marcus Aurelius
Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything. — Muhammad Ali
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work. — Rita Mae Brown
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others. — Anne Lindbergh
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darkness of other people. — Carl Jung
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing. — Abraham Lincoln
Radiate boundless love towards the entire world… — The Buddha
The greatest achievement of humanity is not its works of art, science, or technology, but the recognition of its own dysfunction. — Eckhart Tolle
God always takes the simplest way. — Albert Einstein
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. — Wayne Dyer
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil. — Cicero
Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy. — Wayne Dyer
The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure. — William Blake
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. — Confucius
If you can dream it, you can do it. — Walt Disney
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all? — Joe Namath
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all. — Dale Carnegie
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick. — Bruce Lee
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day. — Marian Wright Edelman
From error to error one discovers the entire truth. — Sigmund Freud
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. — Woody Allen
An organization, no matter how well designed, is only as good as the people who live and work in it. — Dee Hock
Football is football and talent is talent. But the mindset of your team makes all the difference. — Robert Griffin III
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little. — Edmund Burke
Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose. — Richard Bach
I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside. — Wayne Dyer
A passion for politics stems usually from an insatiable need, either for power, or for friendship and adulation, or a combination of both. — Fawn M. Brodie
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her. — David Brinkley
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do. — Benjamin Spock
Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong. — Richard Needham
Should a seeker not find a companion who is better or equal, let them resolutely pursue a solitary course. — The Buddha
He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God. — Aeschylus
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity. — Albert Einstein
I cannot make my days longer, so I strive to make them better. — Henry David Thoreau
The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary. — Thomas Edison
Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do. — Amelia Earhart
To see things in the seed, that is genius. — Laozi
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment. — Tony Robbins
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down. — Ray Bradbury
If I know what love is, it is because of you. — Hermann Hesse
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream. — Edgar Allan Poe
He who knows himself is enlightened. — Laozi
I never worry about action, but only inaction. — Winston Churchill
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing. — John Powell
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. — Mahatma Gandhi
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling. — Ambrose Bierce
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. — Nelson Mandela
Believe you can and you're halfway there. — Theodore Roosevelt
You can't win unless you learn how to lose. — Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist. — Gail Sheehy
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt. — Honoré de Balzac
All know the way; few actually walk it. — Bodhidharma
The day of fortune is like a harvest day, we must be busy when the corn is ripe. — Torquato Tasso
Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak. — Epictetus
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you. — Alan Watts
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend. — Martin Luther King Jr.
I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential. — Dalai Lama
All great achievements require time. — Maya Angelou
A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures. — Thornton Wilder
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy. — William Blake
We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose. — Desmond Tutu
The cautious seldom err. — Confucius
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much. — Blaise Pascal
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. — Albert Einstein
Each man has his own vocation; his talent is his call. There is one direction in which all space is open to him. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict. — William Ellery Channing
The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition. — Honoré de Balzac
In every walk with nature, one receives far more than he seeks. — John Muir
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it. — Thomas Carlyle
The doors of wisdom are never shut. — Benjamin Franklin
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something. — Plato
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out. — Jack Buck
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it. — Thomas Carlyle
Sometimes I am happy and sometimes not. I am, after all, a human being, you know. And I am glad that we are sometimes happy and sometimes not. You get your wisdom working by having different emotions. — Yoko Ono
A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience. — Elbert Hubbard
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again. — Joseph Campbell
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. — Laozi
Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has. — Josh Billings
Technology frightens me to death. It's designed by engineers to impress other engineers. And they always come with instruction booklets that are written by engineers for other engineers — which is why almost no technology ever works. — John Cleese
We lost because we told ourselves we lost. — Leo Tolstoy
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits. — Thomas Edison
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along. — George Herbert
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities. — Maya Angelou
I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine. — Bruce Lee
All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out. — Albert Camus
It is never too late to be what you might have been. — George Eliot
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small. — Laozi
Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things. — Joe Paterno
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose. — Eknath Easwaran
He who angers you conquers you. — Elizabeth Kenny
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love. — Rumi
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life. — Wayne Dyer
Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear. — Pat Riley
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness. — Richard Bach
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions. — Alfred Tennyson
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. — Elbert Hubbard
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge. — Albert Einstein
A friend is what the heart needs all the time. — Henry van Dyke Jr.
Football is football and talent is talent. But the mindset of your team makes all the difference. — Robert Griffin III
Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace. — Christie Brinkley
Love is rarer than genius itself. And friendship is rarer than love. — Charles Péguy
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement. — Brian Tracy
Almost everything comes from nothing. — Henri-Frédéric Amiel
Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind. — Paavo Nurmi
Whoso loves, believes the impossible. — Elizabeth Browning
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten. — Tony Robbins
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom. — Robert Frost
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf. — Albert Schweitzer
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love. — Francis of Assisi
Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life. — James F. Byrnes
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself. — Napoleon
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought. — Laurence J. Peter
Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings. — Arthur Rubinstein
There never was a good knife made of bad steel. — Benjamin Franklin
The word philosophy sounds high-minded, but it simply means the love of wisdom. If you love something, you don't just read about it; you hug it, you mess with it, you play with it, you argue with it. — Hugh Jackman
The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going. — Epictetus
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others. — Anne Lindbergh
Quality is not an act; it is a habit. — Aristotle
If you can dream it, you can do it. — Walt Disney
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine. — Morris West
You can't blame gravity for falling in love. — Albert Einstein
Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win. — Bernadette Devlin
Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it. — Wayne Dyer
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends. — Abraham Lincoln
You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is. — Will Rogers
When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points. — Confucius
Always be smarter than the people who hire you. — Lena Horne
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye. — Helen Keller
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy. — Ludwig van Beethoven
The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention. — John Burroughs
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. — Epictetus
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others. — Nelson Mandela
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with. — Wayne Dyer
Make the best use of what is in your power and take the rest as it happens. — Epictetus
How is it possible to find meaning in a finite world, given my waist and shirt size? — Woody Allen
The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend. — Henry David Thoreau
Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away. — Robert Fulghum
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary. — Lou Holtz
One is not called noble who harms living beings. By not harming living beings one is called noble. — The Buddha
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else. — Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity. — Albert Einstein
Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with. — Peter Elbow
Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends. — Virginia Woolf
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. — Mother Teresa
The thing that is disliked by me is also disliked by others. Since I dislike this thing, how can I inflict it on someone else? — The Buddha
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me. — Henry Ford
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius. — Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another. — William Shakespeare
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. — Mark Twain
Life is the flower for which love is the honey. — Victor Hugo
Silence is deep as Eternity; Speech is shallow as Time. — Thomas Carlyle
Ignorance and bungling with love are better than wisdom and skill without. — Henry David Thoreau
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve. — Napoleon Hill
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything. — Denis Waitley
Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either. — Albert Einstein
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances. — Martha Washington
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose. — Eknath Easwaran
Excellence, then, is a state concerned with choice, lying in a mean, relative to us, this being determined by reason and in the way in which the man of practical wisdom would determine it. — Aristotle
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. — Mother Teresa
Friendships are the family we make - not the one we inherit. I've always been someone to whom friendship, elective affinities, is as important as family. — Salman Rushdie
The years teach much which the days never know. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information? — George Eliot
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it. — Pablo Picasso
There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way. — Wayne Dyer
Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty. — Cicero
When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self. — Confucius
Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket. — Doug Horton
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you. — Loretta Young
Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end. — Leonardo da Vinci
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. — Gloria Steinem
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world. — John Muir
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts. — Aristotle
Technology has to be invented or adopted. — Jared Diamond
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought. — Laurence J. Peter
Friendship is one mind in two bodies. — Mencius
The doors of wisdom are never shut. — Benjamin Franklin
It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own. — Jessamyn West
Fortune befriends the bold. — John Dryden
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing. — Isocrates
The virtue of justice consists in moderation, as regulated by wisdom. — Aristotle
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant. — Tony Robbins
He who angers you conquers you. — Elizabeth Kenny
You just can't beat the person who never gives up. — Babe Ruth
What we see depends mainly on what we look for. — John Lubbock
To give oneself earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom. — Confucius
Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
If only wed stop trying to be happy wed have a pretty good time. — Edith Wharton
All know the way; few actually walk it. — Bodhidharma
Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without being crippled by your own judgement. — Ralph Marston
Know from the rivers in clefts and in crevices: those in small channels flow noisily, the great flow silent. Whatever's not full makes noise. Whatever is full is quiet. — The Buddha
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed. — Kahlil Gibran
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly. — Richard Bach
I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match. — Mia Hamm
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning, and which permeates all heaven. — Laozi
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. — Napoleon Hill
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it. — Toni Morrison
It's supposed to be automatic, but actually you have to push this button. — John Brunner
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains. — Danilo Dolci
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. — Seneca the Younger
The price of greatness is responsibility. — Winston Churchill
May all beings have happy minds. — The Buddha
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best. — Marilyn Monroe
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other? — George Eliot
Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them. — Hugh Miller
No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. — Robert Southey
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
Rejoicing in our joy, not suffering over our suffering, makes someone a friend. — Friedrich Nietzsche
Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command. — Alan Watts
Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it. — Karl Menninger
Genius unrefined resembles a flash of lightning, but wisdom is like the sun. — Franz Grillparzer
Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own. — Aesop
Smile, breathe and go slowly. — Thích Nhất Hạnh
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small. — Laozi
Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity. — Voltaire
Neatness begets order; but from order to taste there is the same difference as from taste to genius, or from love to friendship. — Johann Kaspar Lavater
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level. — Joyce Brothers
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity. — Og Mandino
Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech. — Plutarch
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood. — Marie Curie
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little. — Edmund Burke
Radiate boundless love towards the entire world… — The Buddha
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime. — Laozi
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others. — Anne Lindbergh
By accepting yourself and being fully what you are, your presence can make others happy. — Jane Roberts
A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value. — Isaac Asimov
Imagination rules the world. — Napoleon
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help. — Epicurus
There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things. — Peter Drucker
I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder. — G. K. Chesterton
Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you! — Dr. Seuss
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life. — Cynthia Ozick
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living. — Anaïs Nin
Be the chief but never the lord. — Laozi
My friends are my estate. — Emily Dickinson
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be. — Thomas Jefferson
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted. — Og Mandino
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. — Samuel Johnson
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it. — Toni Morrison
You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless. — Caroline Myss
We all grow up. Hopefully, we get wiser. Age brings wisdom, and fatherhood changes one's life completely. — Frank Abagnale
There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking. — Thomas Edison
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. — John C. Maxwell
What we see depends mainly on what we look for. — John Lubbock
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know. — Pema Chödrön
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. — Confucius
Habit, if not resisted, soon becomes necessity. — Augustine of Hippo
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome. — Michael Jordan
A monarchy conducted with infinite wisdom and infinite benevolence is the most perfect of all possible governments. — Ezra Stiles
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought. — Jonathan Swift
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand. — Frank Herbert
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do not scorn what you have received, nor envy the gains of others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind. — The Buddha
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. — Margaret Mead
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. — Marie Curie
Things are as they are. Looking out into it the universe at night, we make no comparisons between right and wrong stars, nor between well and badly arranged constellations. — Alan Watts
This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him. — William Lyon Phelps
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them. — Kahlil Gibran
If you have one true friend, you have more than your share. — Thomas Fuller
Half the lies they tell about me aren't true. — Yogi Berra
Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength. — Phil Jackson
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander. — Abraham Lincoln
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice. — Anton Chekhov
You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in. — Heraclitus
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. — Mother Teresa
Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom. — Bodhidharma
I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel. — Elizabeth Arden
If you have a harem of 40 women, you never get to know any of them very well. — Warren Buffett
We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far. — Swami Vivekananda
I can't listen to that much Wagner. I start getting the urge to conquer Poland. — Woody Allen
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. — Elbert Hubbard
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level. — Joyce Brothers
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. — Thomas Edison
Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade. — Leo Buscaglia
If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence. — Laozi
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice. — Stephen Covey
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action. — Benjamin Disraeli
Beware of missing chances; otherwise it may be altogether too late someday. — Franz Liszt
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible. — Maya Angelou
In every walk with nature, one receives far more than he seeks. — John Muir
Be the change that you want to see in the world. — Mahatma Gandhi
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence. — Confucius
Most people get interested in stocks when everyone else is. The time to get interested is when no one else is. You can't buy what is popular and do well. — Warren Buffett
The lure of the distant and the difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are. — John Burroughs
Friendship is also about liking a person for their failings, their weakness. It's also about mutual help, not about exploitation. — Paul Theroux
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes. — Napoleon Hill
Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment. — Laozi
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself. — Napoleon
Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest. — Sri Chinmoy
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can. — Richard Bach
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception; it is a prevailing attitude. — Colin Powell
Our intention creates our reality. — Wayne Dyer
Who sows virtue reaps honor. — Leonardo da Vinci
Friendship is essentially a partnership. — Aristotle
Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend. — Plautus
If it turns out that there is a God, I don't think that he's evil. But the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever. — Woody Allen
Every friendship goes through ups and downs. Dysfunctional patterns set in; external situations cause internal friction; you grow apart and then bounce back together. — Mariella Frostrup
Life is the only real counselor; wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue. — Edith Wharton
A friend is, as it were, a second self. — Cicero
Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception. — Samuel Taylor Coleridge
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days. — Laozi
It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them. — Epictetus
People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing. — Elie Wiesel
'As I am, so are these. As are these, so am I.' Drawing the parallel to yourself, neither kill nor get others to kill. — The Buddha
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things. — Henry David Thoreau
Step with care and great tact and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act. — Dr. Seuss
What we see depends mainly on what we look for. — John Lubbock
All this modern technology just makes people try to do everything at once. — Bill Watterson
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives. — Vince Lombardi
Two persons cannot long be friends if they cannot forgive each other's little failings. — Jean de La Bruyère
Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away. — Robert Fulghum
No garden is without its weeds. — Thomas Fuller
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe. — Anatole France
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. — Chuck Swindoll
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water. — Rabindranath Tagore
Be content with your lot; one cannot be first in everything. — Aesop
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching. — Satchel Paige
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing. — Laozi
All phenomena are preceded by the mind, created by the mind, and have the mind as their master. — The Buddha
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too. — Mark Twain
God always takes the simplest way. — Albert Einstein
Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams. — Henry David Thoreau
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight. — Marcus Aurelius
I think that novels that leave out technology misrepresent life as badly as Victorians misrepresented life by leaving out sex. — Kurt Vonnegut
The only way to prove that you're a good sport is to lose. — Ernie Banks
One should not hurt others if one loves oneself. — The Buddha
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. — John Lennon
Accept the things to which fate binds you and love the people with whom fate brings you together but do so with all your heart. — Marcus Aurelius
The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment. — Elbert Hubbard
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Sincerity is the way of Heaven. The attainment of sincerity is the way of men. — Confucius
Step with care and great tact and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act. — Dr. Seuss
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present. — Babatunde Olatunji
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. — Winston Churchill
Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception. — Samuel Taylor Coleridge
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet. — Joseph Joubert
Habit, if not resisted, soon becomes necessity. — Augustine of Hippo
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others. — Confucius
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all. — Dale Carnegie
Wisdom is found only in truth. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
You cannot have what you do not want. — John Acosta
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet. — Joseph Joubert
If you want to go east, don't go west. — Ramakrishna
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me. — Henry Ford
I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential. — Dalai Lama
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf. — Jon Kabat-Zinn
Remember that the most valuable antiques are dear old friends. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities. — Maya Angelou
Irrigators channel waters; fletchers straighten arrows; carpenters bend wood; the wise master themselves. — The Buddha
Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world. By non-hatred alone is hatred appeased. This is a law eternal. — The Buddha
It is never too late to be what you might have been. — George Eliot
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth. — Marcus Aurelius
But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated. — Ernest Hemingway
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. — Thomas Edison
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world. — Blaise Pascal
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know. — Pema Chödrön
Life has no blessing like a prudent friend. — Euripides
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children. — Kahlil Gibran
A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities... because it is the quality which guarantees all others. — Winston Churchill
A short saying often contains much wisdom. — Sophocles
What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens. — Ellen Glasgow
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last. — Winston Churchill
Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted. — John Lennon
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it. — Michael Jordan
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used. — William Inge
Just be patient. Let the game come to you. Don't rush. Be quick, but don't hurry. — Earl Monroe
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. — Epictetus
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it. — Hubert Humphrey
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. — Thomas Edison
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest. — Confucius
Much wisdom often goes with fewest words. — Sophocles
Do one thing every day that scares you. — Eleanor Roosevelt
We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity. — Barbara De Angelis
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them. — Kahlil Gibran
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it. — Pablo Picasso
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little. — Edmund Burke
Be the chief but never the lord. — Laozi
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery. — Anaïs Nin
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination. — Napoleon
Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration. — Thomas Edison
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it. — Edith Wharton
To succeed, we must first believe that we can. — Michael Korda
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work. — Rita Mae Brown
No man was ever wise by chance. — Seneca the Younger
Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom. — Plato
From wonder into wonder existence opens. — Laozi
Wisdom consists of the anticipation of consequences. — Norman Cousins
I, too, do not envision a doctrine of self the clinging to which there would not arise sorrow, lamentation, pain, grief, and despair. — The Buddha
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us. — A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living. — Anaïs Nin
Never find fault with the absent. — Alexander Pope
If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead. — Erma Bombeck
I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean. — Isocrates
Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play. — Mike Singletary (basketball)
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. — Wayne Dyer
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has. — Margaret Mead
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do. — Benjamin Spock
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning. — Laozi
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men. — Thomas Fuller
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination. — John Dewey
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now. — Alan Watts
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavors to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. — Henry David Thoreau
I don't turn to greeting cards for wisdom and advice, but they are a fine reflection of the general drift of the culture. — Susan Orlean
To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous. — Confucius
Every friendship is different because everyone's personality is different. — Nargis Fakhri
Practice yourself, for heaven's sake in little things, and then proceed to greater. — Epictetus
Our intention creates our reality. — Wayne Dyer
Peace begins with a smile. — Mother Teresa
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. — Robert Louis Stevenson
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship. — Francis de Sales
You'll see it when you believe it. — Wayne Dyer
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help. — Epicurus
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are. — Bernice Reagon
Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted. — John Lennon
I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it? — Richard Bach
Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is. — Bob Feller
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens. — Jimi Hendrix
Technology is anything that wasn't around when you were born. — Man Ray
People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all. — Dale Carnegie
Winners never quit and quitters never win. — Vince Lombardi
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future. — Bernard Shaw
Every problem has a gift for you in its hands. — Richard Bach
Rock n' roll as a genre is different from pop and hip hop: it is about bands, and that for me suggests brotherhood, family, friendship and community. — Steven Van Zandt
Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world. — Jane Addams
The doors of wisdom are never shut. — Benjamin Franklin
All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope. — Alexandre Dumas
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom. — William Blake
There are people who have money and people who are rich. — Coco Chanel
It is never too late to be what you might have been. — George Eliot
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. — Thomas Edison
When in doubt, tell the truth. — Mark Twain
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams. — Oprah Winfrey
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind. — Bruce Lee
The lure of the distant and the difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are. — John Burroughs
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love. — Jane Austen
We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose. — Desmond Tutu
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought. — Jonathan Swift
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness. — Joseph Campbell
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle. — Kahlil Gibran
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still. — Laozi
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives. — Euripides
Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose. — Simone Weil
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea. — Napoleon Hill
There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil. — Benjamin Haydon
When you learn, teach. When you get, give. — Maya Angelou
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live. — Mortimer J. Adler
When you learn, teach. When you get, give. — Maya Angelou
When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it. — A. Powell Davies
Remember that a gesture of friendship, no matter how small, is always appreciated. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Rejoicing in our joy, not suffering over our suffering, makes someone a friend. — Friedrich Nietzsche
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey. — Kenji Miyazawa
Wisdom is found only in truth. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort. — Dalai Lama
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others. — Nelson Mandela
Each man has his own vocation; his talent is his call. There is one direction in which all space is open to him. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason. — Immanuel Kant
One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him. — Laozi
It is impossible to love and to be wise. — Francis Bacon
'As I am, so are these. As are these, so am I.' Drawing the parallel to yourself, neither kill nor get others to kill. — The Buddha
But at any rate, the point is that God is what nobody admits to being, and everybody really is. — Alan Watts
Numberless are the worlds wonders, but none more wonderful than man. — Sophocles
People usually compare the computer to the head of the human being. I would say that hardware is the bone of the head, the skull. The semiconductor is the brain within the head. The software is the wisdom. And data is the knowledge. — Masayoshi Son
Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have. — Jean-Paul Sartre
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle. — Kahlil Gibran
Light tomorrow with today! — Elizabeth Browning
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship. — John Locke
The years teach much which the days never know. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
All things change; nothing perishes. — Ovid
I don't turn to greeting cards for wisdom and advice, but they are a fine reflection of the general drift of the culture. — Susan Orlean
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world. — Thomas Edison
Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow. — Helen Keller
Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best. — Henry van Dyke Jr.
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing. — Brian Tracy
There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking. — Alfred Korzybski
Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us! — Richard Bach
The only real valuable thing is intuition. — Albert Einstein
I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it? — Richard Bach
If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away. — John Steinbeck
An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts. — John Junor
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness. — Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils; for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint. — Edmund Burke
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions. — Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
I never did anything worth doing by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident — Thomas Edison
Our intention creates our reality. — Wayne Dyer
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. — E. E. Cummings
Reality does not conform to the ideal but confirms it. — Gustave Flaubert
There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life. — Anaïs Nin
Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is. — Bob Feller
Yeah, we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun. — John Lennon
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself. — Eleanor Roosevelt
How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world. — William Shakespeare
Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish. — Albert Einstein
I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside. — Wayne Dyer
It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts. — Ella Fitzgerald
Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be. — Marsha Petrie Sue
Everyone in the world ought to do the things for which he is specially adapted. It is the part of wisdom to recognize what each one of us is best fitted for, and it is the part of education to perfect and utilize such predispositions. Because education can direct and aid nature but can never transform her. — Maria Montessori
Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance. — Francis of Assisi
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt. — Honoré de Balzac
Friendship is an arrangement by which we undertake to exchange small favors for big ones. — Montesquieu
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment. — William Penn
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it. — Laozi
The essence of true friendship is to make allowance for another's little lapses. — Ovid
Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind. — Plato
If you were to offer a thirsty man all wisdom, you would not please him more than if you gave him a drink. — Sophocles
One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him. — Laozi
Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance. — Jean Antoine Petit-Senn
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. — Alexander Pope
Quick decisions are unsafe decisions. — Sophocles
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success. — Edward Everett Hale
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. — Elbert Hubbard
We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us. — Marcel Proust
Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in. — Katherine Mansfield
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment. — William Penn
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it. — Michael Jordan
Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy. — Wayne Dyer
Never promise more than you can perform. — Publilius Syrus
What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself. — Abraham Maslow
Friendship is essentially a partnership. — Aristotle
The best way to predict your future is to create it. — Peter Drucker
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances. — Martha Washington
The older I get the more wisdom I find in the ancient rule of taking first things first. A process which often reduces the most complex human problem to a manageable proportion. — Dwight D. Eisenhower
The fall of dropping water wears away the Stone. — Lucretius
Love at first sight is easy to understand; it's when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle. — Amy Bloom
Neatness begets order; but from order to taste there is the same difference as from taste to genius, or from love to friendship. — Johann Kaspar Lavater
When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points. — Confucius
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly. — John F. Kennedy
Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you. — Julie Morgenstern
First-rate people hire first-rate people; second-rate people hire third-rate people. — Leo Rosten
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity. — Albert Einstein
You win the victory when you yield to friends. — Sophocles
Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment. — Laozi
Once you choose hope, anything's possible. — Christopher Reeve
In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by. — Lucille Ball
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation. — Molière
Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best. — Henry van Dyke Jr.
It is with our passions, as it is with fire and water, they are good servants but bad masters. — Aesop
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all? — Joe Namath
We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving. — Friedrich Nietzsche
Love demands infinitely less than friendship. — George Jean Nathan
The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which we live. — Bertrand Russell
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Technology is the campfire around which we tell our stories. — Laurie Anderson
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best. — Margaret Thatcher
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. — Pablo Picasso
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err. — Mahatma Gandhi
The highest stage in moral culture at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts. — Charles Darwin
Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have. — Jean-Paul Sartre
Do all things with love. — Og Mandino
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken. — Albert Camus
Be the chief but never the lord. — Laozi
The key to wisdom is this - constant and frequent questioning, for by doubting we are led to question and by questioning we arrive at the truth. — Peter Abelard
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. — Albert Schweitzer
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
It is in the nature of things that joy arises in a person free from remorse. — The Buddha
I do not dispute with the world; rather it is the world that disputes with me. — The Buddha
If a man does his best, what else is there? — George S. Patton
A thing well said will be wit in all languages. — John Dryden
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique. — Walt Disney
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will. — Epictetus
Love is a serious mental disease. — Plato
Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious. — Thomas Aquinas
The Universal Zulu Nation stands to acknowledge wisdom, understanding, freedom, justice, and equality, peace, unity, love, and having fun, work, overcoming the negative through the positive, science, mathematics, faith, facts, and the wonders of God, whether we call him Allah, Jehovah, Yahweh, or Jah. — Afrika Bambaataa
It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag. — Donald Trump
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you. — Aldous Huxley
I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel. — Elizabeth Arden
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed. — Robert Schuller
Fear grows in darkness; if you think there's a bogeyman around, turn on the light. — Dorothy Thompson
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind. — Napoleon
I hope we shall crush in its birth the aristocracy of our monied corporations which dare already to challenge our government to a trial by strength, and bid defiance to the laws of our country. — Thomas Jefferson
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence. — Publilius Syrus
We must never forget that it is through our actions, words, and thoughts that we have a choice. — Sogyal Rinpoche
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly. — Plutarch
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes. — Oscar Wilde
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also. — Carl Jung
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another. — Charles Dickens
Irony is the gaiety of reflection and the joy of wisdom. — Anatole France
Be here now. Be someplace else later. Is that so complicated? — David Bader
True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation. — George Washington
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions. — Alfred Tennyson
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person. — Bruce Lee
Friendship is a strong and habitual inclination in two persons to promote the good and happiness of one another. — Eustace Budgell
For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life. — William Blake
Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious. — Thomas Aquinas
Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind. — Paavo Nurmi
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience. — Robert Fulghum
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act. — G. K. Chesterton
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather. — John Ruskin
It is with our passions, as it is with fire and water, they are good servants but bad masters. — Aesop
Rock n' roll as a genre is different from pop and hip hop: it is about bands, and that for me suggests brotherhood, family, friendship and community. — Steven Van Zandt
Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it. — Richard Whately
With the realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world. — Dalai Lama
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B. — James A. Yorke
We live in a society bloated with data yet starved for wisdom. We're connected 24/7, yet anxiety, fear, depression and loneliness are at an all-time high. We must course-correct. — Elizabeth Kapu'uwailani Lindsey
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same. — Anne Frank
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes. — Henry J. Kaiser
Friendship is but another name for an alliance with the follies and the misfortunes of others. Our own share of miseries is sufficient: why enter then as volunteers into those of another? — Thomas Jefferson
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams. — Oprah Winfrey
Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites. — Richard Garriott
The simplest things are often the truest. — Richard Bach
Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right. — Abraham Lincoln
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line. — Lucille Ball
All the great performers I have worked with are fueled by a personal dream. — John Eliot
All this modern technology just makes people try to do everything at once. — Bill Watterson
It's only when the tide goes out that you discover who's been swimming naked. — Warren Buffett
Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted. — John Lennon
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains. — Danilo Dolci
The industrial landscape is already littered with remains of once successful companies that could not adapt their strategic vision to altered conditions of competition. — Ralph Abernathy
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. — Thomas Jefferson
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do. — Lewis Cass
Before we acquire great power, we must acquire wisdom to use it well. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves. — Mahatma Gandhi
Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have. — Doris Mortman
Well done is better than well said. — Benjamin Franklin
Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes. — Friedrich Nietzsche
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all? — Joe Namath
Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit. — Kahlil Gibran
I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs. — Lin Yutang
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. — Thomas Jefferson
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past; wisdom is of the future. — Vernon Cooper
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times. — Napoleon Hill
The only way to have a friend is to be one. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries. — A. A. Milne
You have to believe in yourself. — Sun Tzu
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. — Jim Rohn
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude. — Ralph Marston
Fortune befriends the bold. — John Dryden
There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is generally the greatest fool. — Francis Bacon
In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you. — Janet Jackson
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts. — The Buddha
Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life. — Seneca the Younger
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk. — Doug Larson
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games. — Babe Ruth
Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest. — Sri Chinmoy
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto. — W. Clement Stone
The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose. — Dale Earnhardt
Time is the wisest counsellor of all. — Pericles
Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions. — Dalai Lama
The years teach much which the days never know. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer. — William Burroughs
To succeed, we must first believe that we can. — Michael Korda
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. — Benjamin Disraeli
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious. — Albert Einstein
Ignorance never settles a question. — Benjamin Disraeli
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. — Confucius
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life. — James Freeman Clarke
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B. — James A. Yorke
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past; wisdom is of the future. — Vernon Cooper
The sincere friends of this world are as ship lights in the stormiest of nights. — Giotto
To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with. — Mark Twain
A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow. — Charlotte Brontë
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Life has no blessing like a prudent friend. — Euripides
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour. — Mary Kay Ash
I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match. — Mia Hamm
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away. — Sophocles
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness. — Joseph Campbell
Heedfulness is the path to the Deathless. Heedlessness is the path to death. The heedful die not. The heedless are as if already dead. — The Buddha
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out. — Walter Benjamin
The thing that is disliked by me is also disliked by others. Since I dislike this thing, how can I inflict it on someone else? — The Buddha
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else. — John Keats
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. — Will Rogers
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention. — Oscar Wilde
When in doubt, don't. — Benjamin Franklin
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter. — Winston Churchill
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are. — Marianne Williamson
I have learned that friendship isn't about who you've known the longest, it's about who came and never left your side. — Yolanda Hadid
The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going. — Epictetus
In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you. — Janet Jackson
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. — Laozi
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more. — Woody Allen
The energy of the mind is the essence of life. — Aristotle
If it turns out that there is a God, I don't think that he's evil. But the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever. — Woody Allen
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know. — Pema Chödrön
There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings. — John Astin
We must never forget that it is through our actions, words, and thoughts that we have a choice. — Sogyal Rinpoche
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins. — Jim Rohn
You can always count on Americans to do the right thing - after they've tried everything else. — Winston Churchill
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them. — John Updike
Time is the wisest counsellor of all. — Pericles
Sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow. — Melody Beattie
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. — Robert Louis Stevenson
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship. — Louisa May Alcott
While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity. — Publilius Syrus
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself. — Anaïs Nin
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while. — Albert Einstein
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out. — Jack Buck
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat. — Rose Kennedy
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom. — Euripides
Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has. — Josh Billings
True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks. — Jerome
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others. — Confucius
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do. — Molière
Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it. — George Santayana
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. — Winston Churchill
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. — Tony Robbins
Love has no age, no limit; and no death. — John Galsworthy
All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope. — Winston Churchill
We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity. — Barbara De Angelis
Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself. — Oprah Winfrey
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. — John Lennon
Correction does much, but encouragement does more. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Minds, like bodies, will often fall into a pimpled, ill-conditioned state from mere excess of comfort. — Charles Dickens
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. — Stephen Hawking
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention. — Jim Rohn
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe. — Marilyn vos Savant
Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has. — Josh Billings
All tremble at violence; all fear death. Putting oneself in the place of another, one should not kill nor cause another to kill. — The Buddha
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear? — Confucius
A rolling stone gathers no moss. — Publilius Syrus
Truth is powerful and it prevails. — Sojourner Truth
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes. — Carl Jung
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. — Robert Louis Stevenson
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be. — Bruce Lee
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility. — Eleanor Roosevelt
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become. — Charles Du Bos
Genius unrefined resembles a flash of lightning, but wisdom is like the sun. — Franz Grillparzer
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear. — Richard Bach
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star. — W. Clement Stone
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity. — Albert Einstein
Life is a progress, and not a station. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
To give oneself earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom. — Confucius
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts. — Abraham Lincoln
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind. — Albert Einstein
A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring. — François de La Rochefoucauld
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened. — Laozi
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself. — Wayne Dyer
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
We aim above the mark to hit the mark. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Some do not understand that we must die, But those who do realize this settle their quarrels. — The Buddha
That old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing. — Martin Luther King Jr.
Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have. — Doris Mortman
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard. — Henry David Thoreau
Love demands infinitely less than friendship. — George Jean Nathan
Once you choose hope, anything's possible. — Christopher Reeve
The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words. — Cicero
I define friendship as a bond that transcends all barriers. When you are ready to expect anything and everything from friends, good, bad or ugly... that's what I call true friendship. — Harbhajan Singh
By oneself is evil done; by oneself is one defiled. By oneself is evil left undone; by oneself is one made pure. — The Buddha
To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others. — Tony Robbins
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important. — Arthur Conan Doyle
Life is the flower for which love is the honey. — Victor Hugo
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason. — Immanuel Kant
Never find fault with the absent. — Alexander Pope
Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed. — Blaise Pascal
Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always. — Oprah Winfrey
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it. — Colin Powell
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. — Pablo Picasso
Reflect on your present blessings, of which every man has many; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some. — Charles Dickens
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability. — Zig Ziglar
Life is the flower for which love is the honey. — Victor Hugo
A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer and attempting a task he cannot achieve. — Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. — Mark Twain
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish. — Tony Robbins
The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that. — Eckhart Tolle
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes. — Napoleon Hill
The superior man blames himself. The inferior man blames others. — Don Shula
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important. — Arthur Conan Doyle
In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first; the cash will come later. — Harold Geneen
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present. — Joan Rivers
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility. — Napoleon Hill
Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means. — Albert Einstein
No one has ever become poor by giving. — Anne Frank
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit. — Aristotle
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises. — Demosthenes
There is no great genius without some touch of madness. — Seneca the Younger
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. — Benjamin Franklin
The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance. — Benjamin Franklin
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else. — Pablo Picasso
All wisdom does not reside in Delhi. — P. Chidambaram
Sustaining true friendship is a lot more challenging than we give it credit for. — Mariella Frostrup
It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them. — Epictetus
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant. — Isocrates
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins. — Charles Eastman
The cautious seldom err. — Confucius
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength. — Dalai Lama
Once you label me you negate me. — Søren Kierkegaard
A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire. — François de La Rochefoucauld
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins. — Jim Rohn
If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place. — Laozi
If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when? — Rabbi Hillel
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder. — Richard Bach
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. — Judy Garland
Friendship is one mind in two bodies. — Mencius
As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be. — Saul Alinsky
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time. — Abraham Lincoln
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. — Thomas Jefferson
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom. — Theodore Isaac Rubin
To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god. — Napoleon
When people are like each other they tend to like each other. — Tony Robbins
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures. — Thornton Wilder
You always have two choices: your commitment versus your fear. — Sammy Davis Jr.
The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress. — Confucius
There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking. — Alfred Korzybski
Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people. — William Butler Yeats
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements. — Napoleon Hill
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed. — Václav Havel
Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life. — Hermann Hesse
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also. — Carl Jung
There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them. — Tom Krause
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. — Will Rogers
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities. — Maya Angelou
Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price we'll have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal. — Vince Lombardi
Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do I speak at the right time, or not? Do I speak of facts, or not? Do I speak gently or harshly? Do I speak profitable words or not? Do I speak with a kindly heart, or inwardly malicious? — The Buddha
I have learned that friendship isn't about who you've known the longest, it's about who came and never left your side. — Yolanda Hadid
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
The language of friendship is not words but meanings. — Henry David Thoreau
We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy. — Arthur Ashe
You have to believe in yourself. — Sun Tzu
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers. — Sydney J. Harris
Fear grows in darkness; if you think there's a bogeyman around, turn on the light. — Dorothy Thompson
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions. — Naguib Mahfouz
To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly. — Voltaire
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing. — Benjamin Franklin
A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action. — Jawaharlal Nehru
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind. — Kahlil Gibran
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see. — Mark Twain
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. — Albert Einstein
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know. — Pema Chödrön
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down. — Oprah Winfrey
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world. — Thomas Edison
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not. — Mignon McLaughlin
Every man is a volume if you know how to read him. — William Ellery Channing
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done. — Lucille Ball
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing. — Laozi
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly. — Henri Bergson
You yourself must strive. The Buddhas only point the way. — The Buddha
Never mistake motion for action. — Ernest Hemingway
A heart well prepared for adversity in bad times hopes, and in good times fears for a change in fortune. — Horace
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages. — Friedrich Nietzsche
The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition. — Honoré de Balzac
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind. — Kahlil Gibran
You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be. — Lou Holtz
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour. — Mary Kay Ash
Happiness depends upon ourselves. — Aristotle
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all. — Winston Churchill
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of. — Benjamin Franklin
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life. — Edwin Markham
All things change; nothing perishes. — Ovid
Friendship brings in a lot of honesty and trust into any relationship, especially a marriage. — Farhan Akhtar
To succeed, we must first believe that we can. — Michael Korda
The pain passes, but the beauty remains. — Pierre-Auguste Renoir
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world. — Thomas Edison
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements. — Napoleon Hill
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself. — Anaïs Nin
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love. — Rumi
Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win. — Bernadette Devlin
Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has. — Josh Billings
God always takes the simplest way. — Albert Einstein
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all. — Dale Carnegie
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential. — Winston Churchill
Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world. — Jane Addams
The friendship that can cease has never been real. — Jerome
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter. — Winston Churchill
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours. — Richard Bach
All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it! — Bob Newhart
There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings. — John Astin
The differences between friends cannot but reinforce their friendship. — Mao Zedong
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes. — Napoleon Hill
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you are right. — Henry Ford
When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self. — Confucius
The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose. — Dale Earnhardt
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are. — Bernice Reagon
I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say. — Calvin Coolidge
Wisdom consists of the anticipation of consequences. — Norman Cousins
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves... there lies the great, singular power of self-respect. — Joan Didion
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception; it is a prevailing attitude. — Colin Powell
You won't skid if you stay in a rut. — Kin Hubbard
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly. — Sam Keen
Honesty is the best policy. — Benjamin Franklin
Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance. — Thomas Carlyle
Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. — Carl Jung
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back. — Wayne Dyer
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company. — George Washington
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning. — Laozi
Friendship, like love, is destroyed by long absence, though it may be increased by short intermissions. — Samuel Johnson
If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence. — Laozi
In action a great heart is the chief qualification. In work, a great head. — Arthur Schopenhauer
They can do all because they think they can. — Virgil
Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship. — Lord Byron
'As I am, so are they; as they are, so am I.' Comparing others with oneself, do not kill nor cause others to kill. — The Buddha
The path to success is to take massive, determined action. — Tony Robbins
Our strength grows out of our weaknesses. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life. — Joseph Prince
The only journey is the one within. — Rainer Maria Rilke
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory. — George S. Patton
Much wisdom often goes with fewer words. — Sophocles
By nature, man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears. — Thomas Carlyle
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. — Albert Einstein
A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do. — Chuck Norris
Ignorance never settles a question. — Benjamin Disraeli
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself. — Anaïs Nin
Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind. — Paavo Nurmi
Finding good players is easy. Getting them to play as a team is another story. — Casey Stengel
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing. — Laozi
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger. — Richard Bach
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking. — Henry Ford
All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable. — Kathleen Norris
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know. — William Saroyan
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek. — Barack Obama
I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose. — John F. Kennedy
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn. — Yogi Berra
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. — Zig Ziglar
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them. — Bruce Lee
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars. — Og Mandino
If you are bitter, you are like a dry leaf that you can just squash, and you can get blown away by the wind. There is much more wisdom in forgiveness. — Vusi Mahlasela
Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose. — Richard Bach
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one. — Oscar Wilde
Practice yourself, for heaven's sake in little things, and then proceed to greater. — Epictetus
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out. — Walter Winchell
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing. — Baltasar Gracián
You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was. — Abraham Lincoln
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop. — Ovid
A wise person should be urgently moved on occasions that make for urgency. — The Buddha
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us. — Voltaire
Love has no age, no limit; and no death. — John Galsworthy
Rejoicing in our joy, not suffering over our suffering, makes someone a friend. — Friedrich Nietzsche
They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. — Andy Warhol
Life is a progress, and not a station. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'll prepare and someday my chance will come. — Abraham Lincoln
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world. — Helen Keller
Friendship is but another name for an alliance with the follies and the misfortunes of others. Our own share of miseries is sufficient: why enter then as volunteers into those of another? — Thomas Jefferson
I will give you a definition of a proud man: he is a man who has neither vanity nor wisdom one filled with hatreds cannot be vain, neither can he be wise. — John Keats
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself. — Napoleon Hill
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept. — Samuel Butler
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. — George S. Patton
What is past is left behind. The future is yet unreached. Whatever quality is present, clearly see it right there. — The Buddha
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well. — Voltaire
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all. — Peter Drucker
There is no failure except in no longer trying. — Elbert Hubbard
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling. — Ambrose Bierce
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts. — Aristotle
If I know what love is, it is because of you. — Hermann Hesse
Either I will find a way, or I will make one. — Philip Sidney
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. — Winston Churchill
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past. — Richard Bach
Our distrust is very expensive. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. — Zig Ziglar
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit. — Kahlil Gibran
Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it. — Agatha Christie
Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends. — Oscar Wilde
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open. — Thomas Dewar
Subdue your appetites, my dears, and you've conquered human nature. — Charles Dickens
A single lamp may light hundreds of thousands of lamps without itself being diminished. — The Buddha
Technology frightens me to death. It's designed by engineers to impress other engineers. And they always come with instruction booklets that are written by engineers for other engineers — which is why almost no technology ever works. — John Cleese
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened. — Dr. Seuss
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not but rejoices for those which he has. — Epictetus
Do one thing every day that scares you. — Eleanor Roosevelt
To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there. — Richard Bach
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me. — Woody Allen
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom. — Confucius
Get busy living or get busy dying. — Stephen King
True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance. — Henry David Thoreau
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. — Albert Einstein
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime. — Laozi
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration. — Ansel Adams
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them. — Kahlil Gibran
He who can curb his wrath as soon as it arises, as a timely antidote will check snake's venom that so quickly spreads, — such a monk gives up the here and the beyond, just as a serpent sheds its worn-out skin. — The Buddha
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all? — Joe Namath
Whatever happens, take responsibility. — Tony Robbins
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not but rejoices for those which he has. — Epictetus
Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him. — Aldous Huxley
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions. — Leonardo da Vinci
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them. — Kahlil Gibran
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open. — John Barrymore
We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain. — Alan Watts
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world. — Blaise Pascal
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with. — Wayne Dyer
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows. — Epictetus
We are wiser than we know. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
I believe that every person is born with talent. — Maya Angelou
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out. — Jack Buck
The strong bond of friendship is not always a balanced equation; friendship is not always about giving and taking in equal shares. Instead, friendship is grounded in a feeling that you know exactly who will be there for you when you need something, no matter what or when. — Simon Sinek
Never deny a diagnosis but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it. — Norman Cousins
As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round. — Ben Hogan
The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance. — Benjamin Franklin
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends. — Shirley MacLaine
Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable. — Franz Kafka
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. — Thomas Edison
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something. — Edmond Rostand
The sum of wisdom is that time is never lost that is devoted to work. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest. — Sri Chinmoy
Always tell the truth. That way, you don't have to remember what you said. — Mark Twain
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently. — William Arthur Ward
Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend. — Plautus
Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites. — Richard Garriott
We need never be ashamed of our tears. — Charles Dickens
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees. — J. Willard Marriott
It is only the great hearted who can be true friends. The mean and cowardly, can never know what true friendship means. — Charles Kingsley
Everyone in the world ought to do the things for which he is specially adapted. It is the part of wisdom to recognize what each one of us is best fitted for, and it is the part of education to perfect and utilize such predispositions. Because education can direct and aid nature but can never transform her. — Maria Montessori
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed. — Václav Havel
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days. — Laozi
I will prepare and someday my chance will come. — Abraham Lincoln
But I'll tell you what hermits realize. If you go off into a far, far forest and get very quiet, you'll come to understand that you're connected with everything. — Alan Watts
Practice yourself, for heaven's sake in little things, and then proceed to greater. — Epictetus
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. — Og Mandino
To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others. — Tony Robbins
You win the victory when you yield to friends. — Sophocles
Time is the wisest counsellor of all. — Pericles
The superior man blames himself. The inferior man blames others. — Don Shula
As an elephant in the battlefield withstands arrows shot from bows all around, even so shall I endure abuse. — The Buddha
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done. — Lucille Ball
Never mistake motion for action. — Ernest Hemingway
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him. — Albert Schweitzer
Those who cling to perceptions and views wander the world offending people. — The Buddha
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love. — Rumi
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you. — Alan Watts
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it. — Confucius
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea. — Napoleon Hill
Everything that happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so. — Marcus Aurelius
Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts. — Booker T. Washington
To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it. — Confucius
Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched. — Miguel de Cervantes
Nothing happens unless first we dream. — Carl Sandburg
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox — Laozi
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet. — Robert Schuller
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate. — Albert Schweitzer
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned. — Charles W. Chesnutt
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it. — Colin Powell
Happiness can exist only in acceptance. — George Orwell
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship. — Francis de Sales
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship. — Louisa May Alcott
Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. How on earth can you explain in terms of chemistry and physics so important a biological phenomenon as first love? Put your hand on a stove for a minute and it seems like an hour. Sit with that special girl for an hour and it seems like a minute. That's relativity. — Albert Einstein
All tremble at violence; all fear death. Putting oneself in the place of another, one should not kill nor cause another to kill. — The Buddha
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe. — Dalai Lama
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea. — Napoleon Hill
Let the future tell the truth and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine. — Nikola Tesla
Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself. — Liberace
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done. — Lucille Ball
Never, never, never give up. — Winston Churchill
Beware of missing chances; otherwise it may be altogether too late someday. — Franz Liszt
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. — Confucius
It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens. — Pema Chödrön
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself. — Henry Reed
Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use. — Thomas J. Watson
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment. — Tony Robbins
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves... there lies the great, singular power of self-respect. — Joan Didion
There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain. — Plato
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes. — Napoleon Hill
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances. — Martha Washington
Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach. — Aristotle
Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one. — Diogenes
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible. — Maya Angelou
You can observe a lot just by watching. — Yogi Berra
It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts. — Ella Fitzgerald
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while. — Albert Einstein
We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity. — Barbara De Angelis
Things are as they are. Looking out into it the universe at night, we make no comparisons between right and wrong stars, nor between well and badly arranged constellations. — Alan Watts
To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less. — André Malraux
I endeavor to be wise when I cannot be merry, easy when I cannot be glad, content with what cannot be mended and patient when there is no redress. — Elizabeth Montagu
If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor. — Daisaku Ikeda
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action. — Benjamin Disraeli
The Universal Zulu Nation stands to acknowledge wisdom, understanding, freedom, justice, and equality, peace, unity, love, and having fun, work, overcoming the negative through the positive, science, mathematics, faith, facts, and the wonders of God, whether we call him Allah, Jehovah, Yahweh, or Jah. — Afrika Bambaataa
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The key to wisdom is this - constant and frequent questioning, for by doubting we are led to question and by questioning we arrive at the truth. — Peter Abelard
The ego is nothing other than the focus of conscious attention. — Alan Watts
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them. — Steve Jobs
It may happen sometimes that a long debate becomes the cause of a longer friendship. Commonly, those who dispute with one another at last agree. — Elbert Hubbard
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work... I want to achieve it through not dying. — Woody Allen
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love. — Rumi
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough. — Albert Einstein
And I love that even in the toughest moments, when we're all sweating it - when we're worried that the bill won't pass, and it seems like all is lost - Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise. Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward... with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace. — Michelle Obama
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees. — J. Willard Marriott
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. — Carl Jung
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher. — Pema Chödrön
From wonder into wonder existence opens. — Laozi
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning, and which permeates all heaven. — Laozi
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. — Epictetus
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose. — Eknath Easwaran
He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce. — Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
To keep your secret is wisdom; but to expect others to keep it is folly. — Samuel Johnson
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes. — Napoleon Hill
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration. — Ansel Adams
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom. — Bertrand Russell
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge. — Napoleon Hill
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. — Judy Garland
Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world. — Jane Addams
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently. — William Arthur Ward
I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say. — Calvin Coolidge
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. — Albert Einstein
Genius unrefined resembles a flash of lightning, but wisdom is like the sun. — Franz Grillparzer
A friend in power is a friend lost. — Henry Adams
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. — Frank Lloyd Wright
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious. — Albert Einstein
I can, therefore I am. — Simone Weil
Character develops itself in the stream of life. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes. — Friedrich Nietzsche
Trying to sneak a fastball past Hank Aaron is like trying to sneak the sunrise past a rooster. — Joe Adcock
Let the future tell the truth and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine. — Nikola Tesla
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves. — Laozi
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it. — Albert Schweitzer
Wisdom cannot come by railroad or automobile or airplane or be hurried up by telegraph or telephone. — John Burroughs
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is nature's way. — Aristotle
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than you and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world. — Judy Collins
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory. — George S. Patton
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil. — Cicero
His lack of education is more than compensated for by his keenly developed moral bankruptcy. — Woody Allen
Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted. — John Lennon
The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be. — William James
History is written by the victors. — Winston Churchill
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous. — Confucius
If only wed stop trying to be happy wed have a pretty good time. — Edith Wharton
We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy. — Arthur Ashe
Conquer anger with non-anger. Conquer badness with goodness. Conquer meanness with generosity. Conquer dishonesty with truth. — The Buddha
Rock n' roll as a genre is different from pop and hip hop: it is about bands, and that for me suggests brotherhood, family, friendship and community. — Steven Van Zandt
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. — Henry David Thoreau
The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought. — Léon Blum
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level. — Joyce Brothers
There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you. — Paramahansa Yogananda
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration. — Niccolò Machiavelli
Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life. — James F. Byrnes
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception; it is a prevailing attitude. — Colin Powell
To see things in the seed, that is genius. — Laozi
Freedom is the right to live as we wish. — Epictetus
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp. — John Berry
What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens. — Ellen Glasgow
To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else. — Dalai Lama
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing. — Brian Tracy
No man was ever wise by chance. — Seneca the Younger
I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential. — Dalai Lama
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own. — Confucius
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it. — Colin Powell
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it. — J. M. Barrie
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change. — Wayne Dyer
Injuries may be forgiven, but not forgotten. — Aesop
The key to wisdom is this - constant and frequent questioning, for by doubting we are led to question and by questioning we arrive at the truth. — Peter Abelard
I know that inner wisdom is more precious than wealth. The more you spend it, the more you gain. — Oprah Winfrey
When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity. — John F. Kennedy
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do. — Lewis Cass
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. — William James
Technology frightens me to death. It's designed by engineers to impress other engineers. And they always come with instruction booklets that are written by engineers for other engineers — which is why almost no technology ever works. — John Cleese
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it. — Pablo Picasso
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you. — John Wooden
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all. — Erasmus
Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have. — Doris Mortman
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times. — Napoleon Hill
In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you. — Janet Jackson
True friends stab you in the front. — Oscar Wilde
A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire. — François de La Rochefoucauld
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Radiate boundless love towards the entire world… — The Buddha
When in doubt, don't. — Benjamin Franklin
'As I am, so are they; as they are, so am I.' Comparing others with oneself, do not kill nor cause others to kill. — The Buddha
In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time. — Leonardo da Vinci
Well begun is half done. — Aristotle
Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade. — Leo Buscaglia
First we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters with ASCII — and we thought it was a typewriter. Then we discovered graphics, and we thought it was a television. With the World Wide Web, we've realized it's a brochure. — Douglas Adams
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas. — Marie Curie
Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable. — Woody Allen
Just as a mother would protect her only child with her life, even so let one cultivate a boundless love towards all beings. — The Buddha
It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement — that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life. — Sigmund Freud
Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends. — Richard Bach
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything. — Denis Waitley
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know. — Pema Chödrön
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. — Eleanor Roosevelt
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself. — Wayne Dyer
I think that we have a great opportunity to impart our wisdom and our knowledge and our experience to this younger generation. It may be different times, but experience transcends time, and wisdom transcends time. — Victoria Osteen
Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace. — Christie Brinkley
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows. — Aristotle Onassis
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity. — Albert Schweitzer
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity. — Og Mandino
Trying to sneak a fastball past Hank Aaron is like trying to sneak the sunrise past a rooster. — Joe Adcock
A youth, when at home, should be filial and, abroad, respectful to his elders. He should be earnest and truthful. He should overflow in love to all and cultivate the friendship of the good. When he has time and opportunity, after the performance of these things, he should employ them in polite studies. — Confucius
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. — Winston Churchill
Action is the foundational key to all success. — Pablo Picasso
Unless one is able to live fully in the present, the future is a hoax. — Alan Watts
Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious. — Thomas Aquinas
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also. — Carl Jung
The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are: Hard work, Stick-to-itiveness, and Common sense. — Thomas Edison
How is it possible to find meaning in a finite world, given my waist and shirt size? — Woody Allen
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next. — Jonas Salk
Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes. — Friedrich Nietzsche
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God. — Leo Buscaglia
Cunning... is but the low mimic of wisdom. — Plato
If you were to offer a thirsty man all wisdom, you would not please him more than if you gave him a drink. — Sophocles
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer. — Ted Williams
To hell with circumstances, I create opportunities. — Bruce Lee
Sweet is the memory of distant friends! Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart. — Washington Irving
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear? — Confucius
Learning never exhausts the mind. — Leonardo da Vinci
Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have. — Jean-Paul Sartre
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities... because it is the quality which guarantees all others. — Winston Churchill
To see things in the seed, that is genius. — Laozi
You spend a good piece of your life gripping a baseball and in the end it turns out that it was the other way around all the time. — Jim Bouton
It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship. — Henry Ward Beecher
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. — Helen Keller
But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine. — Thomas Jefferson
Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today. — H. G. Wells
Where there is great love, there are always miracles. — Willa Cather
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it. — Oprah Winfrey
It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves. — Carl Jung
A friend is a gift you give yourself. — Robert Louis Stevenson
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar. — Abraham Lincoln
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. — Thomas Edison
The world is round so that friendship may encircle it. — Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all. — Peter Drucker
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
Sadness flies away on the wings of time. — Jean de La Fontaine
No day in which you learn something is a complete loss. — David Eddings
In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies. — Winston Churchill
You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is. — Will Rogers
When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it. — A. Powell Davies
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk. — Thomas Edison
Friends are the siblings God never gave us. — Mencius
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years. — Richard Bach
But I'll tell you what hermits realize. If you go off into a far, far forest and get very quiet, you'll come to understand that you're connected with everything. — Alan Watts
You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was. — Abraham Lincoln
Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit. — Kahlil Gibran
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. — Confucius
Sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm. — Dalai Lama
It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship. — Henry Ward Beecher
Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong. — Richard Needham
They can do all because they think they can. — Virgil
I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean. — Isocrates
Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love. — Mahatma Gandhi
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are. — Bernice Reagon
You cannot have what you do not want. — John Acosta
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. — Isocrates
Just as much as we see in others, we have in ourselves. — William Hazlitt
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means. — Albert Einstein
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future. — Bernard Shaw
Science investigates; religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power; religion gives man wisdom which is control. — Martin Luther King Jr.
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment. — William Penn
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody. — Herbert Bayard Swope
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much. — Walter Lippmann
Much wisdom often goes with fewer words. — Sophocles
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows. — Epictetus
How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world. — William Shakespeare
All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted. — Teresa of Ávila
Cleverness is not wisdom. — Euripides
To succeed, we must first believe that we can. — Michael Korda
It may happen sometimes that a long debate becomes the cause of a longer friendship. Commonly, those who dispute with one another at last agree. — Elbert Hubbard
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific. — Lily Tomlin
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless. — Thomas Edison
Do one thing every day that scares you. — Eleanor Roosevelt
Never promise more than you can perform. — Publilius Syrus
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy. — William Blake
The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose. — Dale Earnhardt
All wisdom does not reside in Delhi. — P. Chidambaram
Subdue your appetites, my dears, and you've conquered human nature. — Charles Dickens
Wisdom has its root in goodness, not goodness its root in wisdom. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line. — Lucille Ball
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. — Epictetus
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one. — Eleanor Roosevelt
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. — Confucius
All of our technology is completely unnecessary to a happy life. — Tom Hodgkinson
Better it is to live one day seeing the rise and fall of things than to live a hundred years without ever seeing the rise and fall of things. — The Buddha
We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything. — Blaise Pascal
If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead. — Erma Bombeck
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth. — The Buddha
Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken. — Laurence J. Peter
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. — Frank Lloyd Wright
The essence of true friendship is to make allowance for another's little lapses. — Ovid
Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning. — Winston Churchill
Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things. — Joe Paterno
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness. — Richard Bach
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak. — Thomas Carlyle
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do. — Leonardo da Vinci
If there is no struggle, there is no progress. — Frederick Douglass
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. — Carl Jung
Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something. — Anton Chekhov
Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech. — Plutarch
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while. — Albert Einstein
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all. — Augustine of Hippo
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand. — Frank Herbert
Sincerity is the way of Heaven. The attainment of sincerity is the way of men. — Confucius
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation. — Molière
Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed. — Corita Kent
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same. — Anne Frank
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. — Winston Churchill
Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind. — Leonardo da Vinci
Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe. — Winston Churchill
He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today. — Tryon Edwards
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand. — Woodrow Wilson
Correction does much, but encouragement does more. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them. — Epictetus
A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one. — Chuck Norris
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live. — John Dewey
Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness. — Dalai Lama
Make it your habit not to be critical about small things. — Edward Everett Hale
We make our own fortunes and we call them fate. — Benjamin Disraeli
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be. — Abraham Lincoln
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress. — Barack Obama
Love at first sight is easy to understand; it's when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle. — Amy Bloom
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too. — Mark Twain
All is flux; nothing stays still. — Heraclitus
Beware of missing chances; otherwise it may be altogether too late someday. — Franz Liszt
It is with our passions, as it is with fire and water, they are good servants but bad masters. — Aesop
There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else. — Sam Walton
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. — Marcus Aurelius
Friendship always benefits; love sometimes injures. — Seneca the Younger
No man was ever wise by chance. — Seneca the Younger
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all. — Augustine of Hippo
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well. — Voltaire
There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart. — Charles Dickens
They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. — Andy Warhol
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children. — Kahlil Gibran
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. — Buckminster Fuller
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line. — Lucille Ball
Friendship brings in a lot of honesty and trust into any relationship, especially a marriage. — Farhan Akhtar
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done. — Lucille Ball
The more you care, the stronger you can be. — Jim Rohn
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world. — Arthur Schopenhauer
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. — Epictetus
The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action. — John Dewey
To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float. — Alan Watts
I think that novels that leave out technology misrepresent life as badly as Victorians misrepresented life by leaving out sex. — Kurt Vonnegut
Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best. — Henry van Dyke Jr.
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now. — Alan Watts
The secret of success is constancy to purpose. — Benjamin Disraeli
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim. — Brooks Adams
Love at first sight is easy to understand; it's when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle. — Amy Bloom
Arriving at one point is the starting point to another. — John Dewey
Neatness begets order; but from order to taste there is the same difference as from taste to genius, or from love to friendship. — Johann Kaspar Lavater
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance. — Alan Watts
Only do what your heart tells you. — Princess Diana
Love is a serious mental disease. — Plato
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years. — Richard Bach
You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is. — Will Rogers
A friend is what the heart needs all the time. — Henry van Dyke Jr.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves. — Carl Jung
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens. — Jimi Hendrix
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. — Robert Frost
Two persons cannot long be friends if they cannot forgive each other's little failings. — Jean de La Bruyère
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist or accept responsibility for changing them. — Denis Waitley
I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown. — Woody Allen
As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round. — Ben Hogan
If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything. — Thích Nhất Hạnh
Communications tools don't get socially interesting until they get technologically boring. — Clay Shirky
The pine stays green in winter... wisdom in hardship. — Norman Douglas
Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate. — Zhuang Zhou
The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for. — Oscar Wilde
It is with our passions, as it is with fire and water, they are good servants but bad masters. — Aesop
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open. — John Barrymore
Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it. — Richard Whately
The secret of success is constancy to purpose. — Benjamin Disraeli
All serious daring starts from within. — Harriet Beecher Stowe
The noblest worship is to make yourself as good and as just as you can. — Isocrates
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all? — Joe Namath
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are. — Bernice Reagon
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of. — Bruce Lee
Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were. — David Rockefeller
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working. — Pablo Picasso
The doors of wisdom are never shut. — Benjamin Franklin
I think somehow, we learn who we really are and then live with that decision. — Eleanor Roosevelt
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim. — Brooks Adams
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress. — Barack Obama
We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything. — Blaise Pascal
Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have. — Doris Mortman
Never reach out your hand unless you're willing to extend an arm. — Pope Paul VI
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer. — William Burroughs
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. — Winston Churchill
Whoever doesn't flare up at someone who's angry wins a battle hard to win. — The Buddha
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. — Carl Jung
The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be preserved by quotation. — Isaac D'Israeli
I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine. — Bruce Lee
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you. — Wayne Dyer
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself. — Napoleon Hill
Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action. — Peter Drucker
'As I am, so are these. As are these, so am I.' Drawing the parallel to yourself, neither kill nor get others to kill. — The Buddha
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still. — Laozi
There is nothing permanent except change. — Heraclitus
You should ignore that person’s impure behavior by way of speech and body, and focus on the fact that they get an openness and clarity of heart from time to time. That’s how to get rid of resentment for that person. — The Buddha
People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy. — Anton Chekhov
We know what we are but know not what we may be. — William Shakespeare
No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut. — Sam Rayburn
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn. — Yogi Berra
Knowledge is proud that it knows so much; wisdom is humble that it knows no more. — William Cowper
There's power in looking silly and not caring that you do. — Amy Poehler
Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little. — Cheng Yen
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. — John Locke
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness. — Laozi
I cannot make my days longer, so I strive to make them better. — Henry David Thoreau
It is in the nature of things that joy arises in a person free from remorse. — The Buddha
Time is the wisest counsellor of all. — Pericles
I will prepare and some day my chance will come. — Abraham Lincoln
If we are not given the chance to forget, we are also not given the chance to recover our memories, to alter them with time, perspective, and wisdom. Forgetting, we can be ourselves beyond what the past has told us we are; we can evolve. That is the possibility we want from the future. — Caterina Fake
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts. — Booker T. Washington
But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine. — Thomas Jefferson
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will. — Epictetus
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still. — Laozi
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling. — Ambrose Bierce
We know what we are but know not what we may be. — William Shakespeare
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while. — Albert Einstein
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action. — Peter Drucker
None knows the weight of another's burden. — George Herbert
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer. — William Burroughs
I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times. — Everett Dirksen
We can do no great things, only small things with great love. — Mother Teresa
Each friend represents a world in us, a world not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born. — Anaïs Nin
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all. — Augustine of Hippo
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it. — Confucius
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity. — Albert Schweitzer
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome. — Anne Bradstreet
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit. — Aristotle
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow. — A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you. — Paramahansa Yogananda
Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend. — Plautus
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice. — Stephen Covey
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you. — Loretta Young
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity. — Calvin Coolidge
Your friend is your needs answered. — Kahlil Gibran
We've got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true. — Walt Disney
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. — Buckminster Fuller
If we look at the world with a love of life, the world will reveal its beauty to us. — Daisaku Ikeda
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul. — Henry K. Beecher
He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce. — Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil. — Baltasar Gracián
The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can. — Neil Gaiman
You give before you get. — Napoleon Hill
Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person. — Mother Teresa
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher. — Pema Chödrön
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart. — Washington Irving
As you think, so shall you become. — Bruce Lee
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place. — Nora Roberts
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present. — Joan Rivers
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible. — Maya Angelou
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear? — Confucius
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. — Napoleon
One today is worth two tomorrows. — Benjamin Franklin
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course. — Michelangelo
Wisdom is a kind of knowledge. It is knowledge of the nature, career, and consequences of human values. — Sidney Hook
There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you. — Paramahansa Yogananda
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody. — Herbert Bayard Swope
It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it. — Sam Levenson
If there is no struggle, there is no progress. — Frederick Douglass
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself. — Anaïs Nin
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship. — Thomas Aquinas
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet. — James Oppenheim
It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag. — Donald Trump
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives. — Vince Lombardi
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. — Oscar Wilde
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundred teaching it. — Knute Rockne
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it. — Colin Powell
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception; it is a prevailing attitude. — Colin Powell
You can only learn so much from books. You can only learn so much from education. Ultimately, it is the wisdom of God that will carry you through in the toughest situations of life. — Ravi Zacharias
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being. — Henri-Frédéric Amiel
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant. — Tony Robbins
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for. — Maureen Dowd
Never apologize for showing feelings. When you do so, you apologize for the truth. — Benjamin Disraeli
No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut. — Sam Rayburn
Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with the part of another; people are friends in spots. — George Santayana
Self-trust is the first secret of success. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom. — Bodhidharma
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough. — Laozi
Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths. — Etty Hillesum
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new. — Pema Chödrön
As a technology, the book is like a hammer. That is to say, it is perfect: a tool ideally suited to its task. Hammers can be tweaked and varied but will never go obsolete. Even when builders pound nails by the thousand with pneumatic nail guns, every household needs a hammer. — James Gleick
Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of doubts of my own. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
When the world is so complicated, the simple gift of friendship is within all of our hands. — Maria Shriver
I am fond of pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals. — Winston Churchill
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. — Thomas Edison
A short saying often contains much wisdom. — Sophocles
When watching after yourself, you watch after others. When watching after others, you watch after yourself. — The Buddha
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth. — The Buddha
In the sky there are no tracks. Outside there is no recluse. There are no conditioned things that are eternal. There is no instability in the Buddhas. — The Buddha
It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens. — Pema Chödrön
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards. — Aldous Huxley
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself; if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others? — Dalai Lama
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned. — Charles W. Chesnutt
Do more than dream: work. — William Arthur Ward
Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be. — Marsha Petrie Sue
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past; wisdom is of the future. — Vernon Cooper
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be. — Bruce Lee
Football is football and talent is talent. But the mindset of your team makes all the difference. — Robert Griffin III
Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel. — Mary Kay Ash
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome. — Anne Bradstreet
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much. — Walter Lippmann
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out. — Jack Buck
Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt. — Jane Addams
It's only when the tide goes out that you discover who's been swimming naked. — Warren Buffett
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge. — Albert Einstein
Victory belongs to the most persevering. — Napoleon
Yeah, we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun. — John Lennon
In times of change, learners inherit the earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists. — Eric Hoffer
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. — Mother Teresa
The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself. — Henry Miller
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself. — Wayne Dyer
I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done. — Lucille Ball
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself. — Jim Morrison
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor. — Elon Musk
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. — Carl Jung
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down. — Ray Bradbury
To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less. — André Malraux
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances. — Martha Washington
No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. — Robert Southey
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship. — Francis de Sales
Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know. — Richard Bach
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. — Marcus Aurelius
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children. — Kahlil Gibran
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world. — Leo Buscaglia
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind. — Albert Einstein
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship. — John Locke
We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose. — Desmond Tutu
When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless. — Pema Chödrön
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities... because it is the quality which guarantees all others. — Winston Churchill
Yeah, we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun. — John Lennon
Happiness depends upon ourselves. — Aristotle
Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving. — John Dewey
To give oneself earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom. — Confucius
Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences. — Plato
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate. — Albert Schweitzer
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out. — Walter Benjamin
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger. — Richard Bach
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on man unless they act. — G. K. Chesterton
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' — Martin Luther King Jr.
Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you! — Dr. Seuss
I do not dispute with the world; rather it is the world that disputes with me. — The Buddha
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart. — Phil Jackson
Most people get interested in stocks when everyone else is. The time to get interested is when no one else is. You can't buy what is popular and do well. — Warren Buffett
Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends. — Richard Bach
The more you care, the stronger you can be. — Jim Rohn
Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it. — M. Scott Peck
Two of man's basic needs are to love and to share. Both of these needs are satisfied in greater or lesser degree by friendship. — Mother Angelica
Every friendship goes through ups and downs. Dysfunctional patterns set in; external situations cause internal friction; you grow apart and then bounce back together. — Mariella Frostrup
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Correction does much, but encouragement does more. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy. — Anton Chekhov
Yeah, we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun. — John Lennon
Never mistake activity for achievement. — John Wooden
The strong bond of friendship is not always a balanced equation; friendship is not always about giving and taking in equal shares. Instead, friendship is grounded in a feeling that you know exactly who will be there for you when you need something, no matter what or when. — Simon Sinek
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own. — Confucius
Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it. — Wayne Dyer
I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice. — Abraham Lincoln
You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in. — Heraclitus
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds. — John F. Kennedy
'As I am, so are these. As are these, so am I.' Drawing the parallel to yourself, neither kill nor get others to kill. — The Buddha
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself. — Napoleon Hill
To change one's life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions. — William James
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been. — Mark Twain
To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success. — Anna Pavlova
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else. — Pablo Picasso
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover. — Henri Poincaré
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week. — George S. Patton
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. — Thomas Edison
One that desires to excel should endeavor in those things that are in themselves most excellent. — Epictetus
In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by. — Lucille Ball
I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever. — Amy Tan
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act. — G. K. Chesterton
Happiness mainly comes from our own attitude, rather than from external factors. — Dalai Lama
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win. — Jonathan Kozol
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome. — Anne Bradstreet
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek. — Barack Obama
Remember that the most valuable antiques are dear old friends. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action. — Jawaharlal Nehru
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly. — Richard Bach
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities. — Maya Angelou
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you. — Laozi
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open. — John Barrymore
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye. — Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Never complain and never explain. — Benjamin Disraeli
Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness. — Rumi
Our distrust is very expensive. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us! — Richard Bach
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it. — Toni Morrison
Irony is the gaiety of reflection and the joy of wisdom. — Anatole France
If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away. — John Steinbeck
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. — Albert Einstein
All things change; nothing perishes. — Ovid
The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself. — Henry Miller
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of. — Benjamin Franklin
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly. — Buckminster Fuller
Results! Why, man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won't work. — Thomas Edison
Technology presumes there's just one right way to do things and there never is. — Robert M. Pirsig
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work. — Rita Mae Brown
It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them. — Confucius
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. — Winston Churchill
Our strength grows out of our weaknesses. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be preserved by quotation. — Isaac D'Israeli
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise. — Sigmund Freud
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind. — Albert Einstein
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The world is afflicted by death and decay. But the wise do not grieve, having realized the nature of the world. — The Buddha
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart. — Helen Keller
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it. — Woody Allen
Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. — Thomas Edison
To succeed, we must first believe that we can. — Michael Korda
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer. — Ed Cunningham
Let my skin and sinews and bones dry up, together with all the flesh and blood of my body! I welcome it! But I will not move from this spot until I have attained the supreme and final wisdom. — The Buddha
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world. — Helen Keller
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means. — Albert Einstein
A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself. — May Sarton
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open. — John Barrymore
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth. — Chanakya
Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error. — Thomas Jefferson
A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience. — Elbert Hubbard
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper. — Eden Phillpotts
It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself. — Betty Friedan
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. — Thomas Edison
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them. — John C. Maxwell
Wise men make more opportunities than they find. — Francis Bacon
Pure, holy simplicity confounds all the wisdom of this world and the wisdom of the flesh. — Francis of Assisi
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly. — Epictetus
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood. — Seneca the Younger
Where there is great love, there are always miracles. — Willa Cather
I know that inner wisdom is more precious than wealth. The more you spend it, the more you gain. — Oprah Winfrey
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you. — Wayne Dyer
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish. — Tony Robbins
The greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove oneself a fool; the truest heroism is to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom, to know when it ought to be resisted, and when it be obeyed. — Nathaniel Hawthorne
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving. — Albert Einstein
It is impossible to love and to be wise. — Francis Bacon
I want my friend to miss me as long as I miss him. — Augustine of Hippo
Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
When you learn, teach. When you get, give. — Maya Angelou
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf. — Jon Kabat-Zinn
When you learn, teach. When you get, give. — Maya Angelou
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut. — Albert Einstein
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Action is the foundational key to all success. — Pablo Picasso
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living. — Anaïs Nin
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you are right. — Henry Ford
The world is but a canvas to the imagination. — Henry David Thoreau
Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise? — Confucius
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration. — Niccolò Machiavelli
Should someone do good, let them do it again and again. They should develop this habit, for the accumulation of goodness brings joy. — The Buddha
Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win. — Bernadette Devlin
Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while. — Albert Einstein
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled. — Barack Obama
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough. — Laozi
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. — Laozi
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. — Frank Lloyd Wright
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. — Mother Teresa
America's freedom of religion, and freedom from religion, offers every wisdom tradition an opportunity to address our soul-deep needs: Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, secular humanism, agnosticism and atheism among others. — Parker Palmer
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Friendship brings in a lot of honesty and trust into any relationship, especially a marriage. — Farhan Akhtar
Sustaining true friendship is a lot more challenging than we give it credit for. — Mariella Frostrup
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts. — Aristotle
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. — Plutarch
That's the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along. — Lisa Alther
Our most intimate friend is not he to whom we show the worst, but the best of our nature. — Nathaniel Hawthorne
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you are right. — Henry Ford
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment. — William Penn
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit. — Kahlil Gibran
O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive! — Walter Scott
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius. — Arthur Conan Doyle
All the great performers I have worked with are fueled by a personal dream. — John Eliot
In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard. — Henry David Thoreau
The cautious seldom err. — Confucius
Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the Earth. — Abraham Lincoln
People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be. — Socrates
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on. — Winston Churchill
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. — Laozi
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey. — Kenji Miyazawa
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey. — Kenji Miyazawa
Pure, holy simplicity confounds all the wisdom of this world and the wisdom of the flesh. — Francis of Assisi
America's freedom of religion, and freedom from religion, offers every wisdom tradition an opportunity to address our soul-deep needs: Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, secular humanism, agnosticism and atheism among others. — Parker Palmer
I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being. — Confucius
The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance. — Benjamin Franklin
Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom. — Bodhidharma
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time. — Abraham Lincoln
Do not scorn what you have received, nor envy the gains of others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind. — The Buddha
I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside. — Wayne Dyer
I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live by the light that I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right, and stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong. — Abraham Lincoln
Friendship often ends in love, but love in friendship - never. — Albert Camus
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. — Confucius
Believe you can and you're halfway there. — Theodore Roosevelt
It always seems impossible until it's done. — Nelson Mandela
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity. — Peter Drucker
In order to win, you must expect to win. — Richard Bach
Everyone in the world ought to do the things for which he is specially adapted. It is the part of wisdom to recognize what each one of us is best fitted for, and it is the part of education to perfect and utilize such predispositions. Because education can direct and aid nature but can never transform her. — Maria Montessori
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning. — Laozi
Be great in act, as you have been in thought. — William Shakespeare
Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace. — Christie Brinkley
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship. — François de La Rochefoucauld
One today is worth two tomorrows. — Benjamin Franklin
If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away. — John Steinbeck
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. — Alexander Chalmers
We all grow up. Hopefully, we get wiser. Age brings wisdom, and fatherhood changes one's life completely. — Frank Abagnale
The biggest room in the world is room for improvement. — Helmut Schmidt
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. — Napoleon Hill
Much though he recites the sacred texts, but acts not accordingly, that heedless man is like a cowherd who only counts the cows of others — The Buddha
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement. — Brian Tracy
He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty. — Laozi
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us. — Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams. — Oprah Winfrey
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Pure, holy simplicity confounds all the wisdom of this world and the wisdom of the flesh. — Francis of Assisi
I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever. — Amy Tan
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all. — Augustine of Hippo
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down. — Ray Bradbury
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success. — Edward Everett Hale
The price of greatness is responsibility. — Winston Churchill
Read as you taste fruit or savor wine, or enjoy friendship, love or life. — George Herbert
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. — Aesop
He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law. — Pablo Picasso
Where there is great love, there are always miracles. — Willa Cather
Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends. — Richard Bach
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly. — Plutarch
Truth is powerful and it prevails. — Sojourner Truth
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. — E. E. Cummings
Myths which are believed in tend to become true. — George Orwell
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them. — Steve Jobs
Who sows virtue reaps honor. — Leonardo da Vinci
Never complain and never explain. — Benjamin Disraeli
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. — Mark Twain
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more — Tony Robbins
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. — Albert Einstein
I think and that is all that I am. — Wayne Dyer
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart. — Kahlil Gibran
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away. — Sophocles
In order to win, you must expect to win. — Richard Bach
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done. — Bruce Lee
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against. — Bruce Lee
Make the best use of what is in your power and take the rest as it happens. — Epictetus
Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use. — Thomas J. Watson
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime. — Laozi
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best. — Epictetus
What makes Superman a hero is not that he has power, but that he has the wisdom and the maturity to use the power wisely. From an acting point of view, that's how I approached the part. — Christopher Reeve
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed. — Václav Havel
It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen. — John Wooden
Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher. — Confucius
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance. — Alan Watts
People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost. — Dalai Lama
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. — Abraham Lincoln
It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts. — Ella Fitzgerald
We the people are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts, not to overthrow the Constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution. — Abraham Lincoln
Remember that the most valuable antiques are dear old friends. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
It is good even for old men to learn wisdom. — Aeschylus
Truth is powerful and it prevails. — Sojourner Truth
The higher we are placed, the more humbly we should walk. — Cicero
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence. — Confucius
If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there. — Lewis Carroll
There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is generally the greatest fool. — Francis Bacon
He who is contented is rich. — Laozi
The fewer rules a coach has, the fewer rules there are for players to break. — John Madden
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer. — Ed Cunningham
One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One needs to feel that one's life has meaning, that one is needed in this world. — Hannah Szenes
The final wisdom of life requires not the annulment of incongruity but the achievement of serenity within and above it. — Reinhold Niebuhr
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment. — Tony Robbins
He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law. — Pablo Picasso
There is only one success: to be able to spend your life in your own way. — Christopher Morley
Golf is a game in which one endeavors to control a ball with implements ill adapted for the purpose. — Woodrow Wilson
The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be. — William James
Silence is a source of great strength. — Laozi
Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues. — Abigail Adams
The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself. — Henry Miller
Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has. — Josh Billings
The more you care, the stronger you can be. — Jim Rohn
Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues. — Abigail Adams
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk. — Doug Larson
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success. — Elbert Hubbard
Remember that a gesture of friendship, no matter how small, is always appreciated. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe. — Gordon Hinckley
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
You cannot find yourself by going into the past. You can find yourself by coming into the present. — Eckhart Tolle
It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag. — Donald Trump
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. — Alexander Pope
I want my friend to miss me as long as I miss him. — Augustine of Hippo
Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation. — Robert Schuller
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience. — Robert Fulghum
Do all things with love. — Og Mandino
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing. — Brian Tracy
There is nothing permanent except change. — Heraclitus
What sweetness is left in life, if you take away friendship? Robbing life of friendship is like robbing the world of the sun. A true friend is more to be esteemed than kinsfolk. — Cicero
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future. — Plutarch
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against. — Bruce Lee
What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself. — Abraham Maslow
Truth is powerful and it prevails. — Sojourner Truth
A youth, when at home, should be filial and, abroad, respectful to his elders. He should be earnest and truthful. He should overflow in love to all and cultivate the friendship of the good. When he has time and opportunity, after the performance of these things, he should employ them in polite studies. — Confucius
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be. — Bruce Lee
Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit. — Kahlil Gibran
We must become the change we want to see. — Mahatma Gandhi
Knowing is not enough; we must apply! — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures. — Laozi
Everyone in the world ought to do the things for which he is specially adapted. It is the part of wisdom to recognize what each one of us is best fitted for, and it is the part of education to perfect and utilize such predispositions. Because education can direct and aid nature but can never transform her. — Maria Montessori
It is impossible to love and to be wise. — Francis Bacon
Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times. — Napoleon Hill
If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place. — Laozi
There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you. — Paramahansa Yogananda
Error is discipline through which we advance. — William Ellery Channing
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox — Laozi
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress. — Niels Bohr
Communications tools don't get socially interesting until they get technologically boring. — Clay Shirky
If it turns out that there is a God, I don't think that he's evil. But the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever. — Woody Allen
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is color-blind. — Albert Schweitzer
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else. — Laurence J. Peter
He who is taught to live upon little owes more to his father's wisdom than he who has a great deal left him does to his father's care. — William C. Menninger
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. — Winston Churchill
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. — Albert Schweitzer
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you. — Laozi
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. — Winston Churchill
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable. — Franz Kafka
The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back. — Seneca the Younger
Always be smarter than the people who hire you. — Lena Horne
The more you care, the stronger you can be. — Jim Rohn
Everything you can imagine is real. — Pablo Picasso
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe. — Abraham Lincoln
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down. — Oprah Winfrey
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know. — Laozi
The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself. — Henry Miller
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands. — Anne Frank
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy. — William Blake
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself. — Eleanor Roosevelt
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be. — Abraham Lincoln
Wisdom is oftentimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar. — William Wordsworth
People more than ever since I can remember are concerned about being out of step and out of line with their political party and won't cross over. There is nobody, man or woman, who wants to be left out, and people are fearful of that. People are fearful of their leadership as well. — Gary Ackerman
Think how hard physics would be if particles could think. — Murray Gell-Mann
When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it. — W. Clement Stone
I cannot make my days longer, so I strive to make them better. — Henry David Thoreau
The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which we live. — Bertrand Russell
We are masters of the unsaid words, but slaves of those we let slip out. — Winston Churchill
If we are not given the chance to forget, we are also not given the chance to recover our memories, to alter them with time, perspective, and wisdom. Forgetting, we can be ourselves beyond what the past has told us we are; we can evolve. That is the possibility we want from the future. — Caterina Fake
I think that we have a great opportunity to impart our wisdom and our knowledge and our experience to this younger generation. It may be different times, but experience transcends time, and wisdom transcends time. — Victoria Osteen
Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe. — Gordon Hinckley
Every man is a volume if you know how to read him. — William Ellery Channing
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick. — Bruce Lee
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it. — Toni Morrison
Character develops itself in the stream of life. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
It is not wisdom but Authority that makes a law. — Thomas Hobbes
Wisdom consists of the anticipation of consequences. — Norman Cousins
Wisdom consists of the anticipation of consequences. — Norman Cousins
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. — Albert Einstein
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream. — Edgar Allan Poe
There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way. — Wayne Dyer
Reflect on your present blessings, of which every man has many; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some. — Charles Dickens
Be Impeccable with Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love. — Don Miguel Ruiz
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy. — Laozi
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work... I want to achieve it through not dying. — Woody Allen
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. — Pablo Picasso
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live. — John Dewey
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship. — John Locke
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others. — Anne Lindbergh
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth. — Alan Watts
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing. — Baltasar Gracián
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not. — Mignon McLaughlin
Never deny a diagnosis but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it. — Norman Cousins
The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries. — Winston Churchill
Friendship is also about liking a person for their failings, their weakness. It's also about mutual help, not about exploitation. — Paul Theroux
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability. — Zig Ziglar
The biggest room in the world is room for improvement. — Helmut Schmidt
A monarchy conducted with infinite wisdom and infinite benevolence is the most perfect of all possible governments. — Ezra Stiles
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich. — Muhammad Ali
Even an animal, if you show genuine affection, gradually trust develops... If you always showing bad face and beating, how can you develop friendship? — Dalai Lama
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are. — Marianne Williamson
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed. — Václav Havel
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. — Pablo Picasso
Even youngish men can acquire wisdom as time goes by. — John Bercow
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress. — Barack Obama
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. — Napoleon
The things that one most wants to do are the things that are probably most worth doing. — Winifred Holtby
I will prepare and someday my chance will come. — Abraham Lincoln
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. — Thomas Edison
The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which we live. — Bertrand Russell
With the realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world. — Dalai Lama
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live. — John Dewey
I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being. — Confucius
Peace begins with a smile. — Mother Teresa
I believe in one thing only, the power of human will. — Joseph Stalin
Some do not understand that we must die, But those who do realize this settle their quarrels. — The Buddha
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. — Samuel Beckett
The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated. — William James
There is no great genius without some touch of madness. — Seneca the Younger
You have to believe in yourself. — Sun Tzu
Science and technology revolutionize our lives, but memory, tradition and myth frame our response. — Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr.
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers. — Tony Robbins
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are. — Bernice Reagon
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want. — Muhammad Ali
We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works. — Douglas Adams
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done. — Lucille Ball
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible. — Voltaire
Everything you can imagine is real. — Pablo Picasso
Two of man's basic needs are to love and to share. Both of these needs are satisfied in greater or lesser degree by friendship. — Mother Angelica
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm. — Abraham Lincoln
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. — Laozi
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. — Helen Keller
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish. — Ovid
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness. — Richard Bach
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living. — Nelson Mandela
You give before you get. — Napoleon Hill
It always seems impossible until it's done. — Nelson Mandela
We don't know a millionth of one percent about anything. — Thomas Edison
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you. — Loretta Young
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next. — Jonas Salk
He who knows himself is enlightened. — Laozi
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations. — Leo Buscaglia
The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremist pleasure in life. — Mark Twain
Whatever happens, take responsibility. — Tony Robbins
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility. — Albert Einstein
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other? — George Eliot
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Learning is finding out what you already know. — Richard Bach
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity. — Kahlil Gibran
The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low and achieving our mark. — Michelangelo
Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be. — Grandma Moses
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder. — Richard Bach
When deeds and words are in accord, the whole world is transformed. — Zhuang Zhou
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul. — Democritus
We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre. — Uta Hagen
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it. — Laozi
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get. — Michael Phelps
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself. — Napoleon Hill
Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundred teaching it. — Knute Rockne
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night. — Edgar Allan Poe
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one. — John Wooden
I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times. — Everett Dirksen
Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing. — Aristotle
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception; it is a prevailing attitude. — Colin Powell
I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean. — Isocrates
Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship. — Marilyn Monroe
Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong. — Richard Needham
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. — Buckminster Fuller
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose. — Eknath Easwaran
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance. — Bernard Shaw
You can't choose up sides on a round world. — Wayne Dyer
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Technology is a word that describes something that doesn't work yet. — Douglas Adams
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken. — Albert Camus
When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity. — John F. Kennedy
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out. — Walter Benjamin
Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak. — Epictetus
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth. — Benjamin Disraeli
You always succeed in producing a result. — Tony Robbins
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. — Napoleon Hill
Great acts are made up of small deeds. — Laozi
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. — Plutarch
Technology frightens me to death. It's designed by engineers to impress other engineers. And they always come with instruction booklets that are written by engineers for other engineers — which is why almost no technology ever works. — John Cleese
Almost everything comes from nothing. — Henri-Frédéric Amiel
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity. — George S. Patton
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
We are masters of the unsaid words, but slaves of those we let slip out. — Winston Churchill
As you think, so shall you become. — Bruce Lee
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. — Mother Teresa
Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck. — Dalai Lama
Sorrow is knowledge, those that know the most must mourn the deepest, the tree of knowledge is not the tree of life. — Lord Byron
Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength. — Dalai Lama
The more light you allow within you, the brighter the world you live in will be. — Shakti Gawain
Without freedom of thought, there can be no such thing as wisdom - and no such thing as public liberty without freedom of speech. — Benjamin Franklin
You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in. — Heraclitus
Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate. — Zhuang Zhou
Numberless are the worlds wonders, but none more wonderful than man. — Sophocles
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand. — Frank Herbert
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. — Thomas Edison
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it. — Douglas MacArthur
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Either I will find a way, or I will make one. — Philip Sidney
All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns. — Bruce Lee
All is flux; nothing stays still. — Heraclitus
The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself. — Henry Miller
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity. — Og Mandino
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high, and we miss it, but that it is too low, and we reach it. — Michelangelo
Never find fault with the absent. — Alexander Pope
The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble. — Blaise Pascal
So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly. — Richard Bach
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth. — Marcus Aurelius
Honesty is the best policy. — Benjamin Franklin
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
We may encounter many defeats, but we must not be defeated. — Maya Angelou
Value your friendship. Value your relationships. — Barbara Bush
Everyone in the world ought to do the things for which he is specially adapted. It is the part of wisdom to recognize what each one of us is best fitted for, and it is the part of education to perfect and utilize such predispositions. Because education can direct and aid nature but can never transform her. — Maria Montessori
Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength. — Phil Jackson
To lead people walk behind them. — Laozi
Whoever doesn't flare up at someone who's angry wins a battle hard to win. — The Buddha
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference. — Tom Brokaw
Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose. — Richard Bach
America's freedom of religion, and freedom from religion, offers every wisdom tradition an opportunity to address our soul-deep needs: Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, secular humanism, agnosticism and atheism among others. — Parker Palmer
Science investigates; religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power; religion gives man wisdom which is control. — Martin Luther King Jr.
As a cure for worrying, work is better than whisky. — Thomas Edison
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds. — Albert Einstein
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are. — Epictetus
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up. — Muhammad Ali
I can't listen to that much Wagner. I start getting the urge to conquer Poland. — Woody Allen
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible. — Maya Angelou
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done. — Lucille Ball
Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom. — Rumi
The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react. — George Bernard Shaw
Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move! — John Pierrakos
That old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing. — Martin Luther King Jr.
A wise person should be urgently moved on occasions that make for urgency. — The Buddha
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life. — Albert Camus
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live. — Dorothy Thompson
Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying, 'Make me feel important.' Never forget this message when working with people. — Mary Kay Ash
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe. — Winston Churchill
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you. — Wayne Dyer
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will. — Zig Ziglar
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe. — Dalai Lama
His lack of education is more than compensated for by his keenly developed moral bankruptcy. — Woody Allen
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. — Elbert Hubbard
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius. — Arthur Conan Doyle
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them. — Steve Jobs
Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace. — Christie Brinkley
Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions. — Dalai Lama
Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education. — Thomas Carlyle
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced. — Søren Kierkegaard
Silence is the true friend that never betrays. — Confucius
The extreme limit of wisdom, that's what the public calls madness. — Jean Cocteau
He who angers you conquers you. — Elizabeth Kenny
Patience is the companion of wisdom. — Augustine of Hippo
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own. — Confucius
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart. — Jane Austen
Our strength grows out of our weaknesses. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Either I will find a way, or I will make one. — Philip Sidney
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage. — Jack Welch
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. — Winston Churchill
With the realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world. — Dalai Lama
You can't blame gravity for falling in love. — Albert Einstein
Love is a friendship set to music. — Joseph Campbell
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. — Margaret Mead
Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser. — Paulo Coelho
What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be. — Sai Baba
Life is the flower for which love is the honey. — Victor Hugo
Two persons cannot long be friends if they cannot forgive each other's little failings. — Jean de La Bruyère
If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable. — Seneca the Younger
The virtue of justice consists in moderation, as regulated by wisdom. — Aristotle
Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder. — Richard Bach
If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence. — Laozi
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches but reveal to them their own. — Benjamin Disraeli
I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others. — Confucius
If a man does his best, what else is there? — George S. Patton
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. — George Bernard Shaw
Our distrust is very expensive. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next. — Jonas Salk
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for. — Maureen Dowd
Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself. — Oprah Winfrey
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine. — Morris West
You'll see it when you believe it. — Wayne Dyer
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone. — Orson Welles
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. — Abraham Lincoln
There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest. The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest. — Confucius
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience. — Elbert Hubbard
Never mistake activity for achievement. — John Wooden
I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential. — Dalai Lama
He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law. — Pablo Picasso
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living. — Anaïs Nin
How many legs does a dog have if you call his tail a leg? Four. Saying that a tail is a leg doesn't make it a leg. — Abraham Lincoln
There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them. — Tom Krause
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you. — Wayne Dyer
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet. — Robert Schuller
There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child. — Henry Ward Beecher
Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job. — Laurence J. Peter
Everyone in the world ought to do the things for which he is specially adapted. It is the part of wisdom to recognize what each one of us is best fitted for, and it is the part of education to perfect and utilize such predispositions. Because education can direct and aid nature but can never transform her. — Maria Montessori
Always keep your mind as bright and clear as the vast sky, the great ocean, and the highest peak, empty of all thoughts. Always keep your body filled with light and heat. Fill yourself with the power of wisdom and enlightenment. — Morihei Ueshiba
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance. — Bernard Shaw
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds. — John F. Kennedy
Speak low, if you speak love. — William Shakespeare
Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away. — Robert Fulghum
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. — Zig Ziglar
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also. — Carl Jung
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. — Albert Einstein
Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them. — Richard Bach
Step with care and great tact and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act. — Dr. Seuss
The best way out is always through. — Robert Frost
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves. — Laozi
Democracy's premise rests on the notion that the collective wisdom of the majority will prove right more often than it's wrong; that given sufficient opportunity in the pursuit of happiness, your population will develop its talents, its intellect, its better judgment; that over time its capacity for discernment and self-correction will be enlarged. — Ben Fountain
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. — Dale Carnegie
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. — Thomas Jefferson
Wisdom has its root in goodness, not goodness its root in wisdom. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is good even for old men to learn wisdom. — Aeschylus
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with. — Wayne Dyer
The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is. — Winston Churchill
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. — Oscar Wilde
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. — Samuel Johnson
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. — Elbert Hubbard
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days. — Laozi
Should a seeker not find a companion who is better or equal, let them resolutely pursue a solitary course. — The Buddha
Russia is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma. — Winston Churchill
The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself. — Henry Miller
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn. — Yogi Berra
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. — Abraham Lincoln
Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could. — Charles Dickens
You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back? — W. Clement Stone
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way. — Booker T. Washington
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking. — Henry Ford
Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation. — Robert Schuller
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts. — The Buddha
The beginning is always today. — Mary Wollstonecraft
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome. — Michael Jordan
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice. — Stephen Covey
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it. — Laozi
Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit. — Kahlil Gibran
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness. — Joseph Campbell
Swim upstream. Go the other way. Ignore the conventional wisdom. — Sam Walton
Friendship brings in a lot of honesty and trust into any relationship, especially a marriage. — Farhan Akhtar
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help. — Epicurus
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. — Thomas Edison
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
A man is great by deeds, not by birth. — Chanakya
All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention. — Rudolf Arnheim
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim. — Brooks Adams
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions. — Alfred Tennyson
There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life. — Anaïs Nin
I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts. — Abraham Lincoln
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm. — Winston Churchill
To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it. — Confucius
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else. — Laurence J. Peter
I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice. — Abraham Lincoln
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself; if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others? — Dalai Lama
Freedom is the right to live as we wish. — Epictetus
There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is generally the greatest fool. — Francis Bacon
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. — Albert Einstein
Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom. — Francis Bacon
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt. — Honoré de Balzac
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. — Frank Lloyd Wright
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards. — Aldous Huxley
The higher we are placed, the more humbly we should walk. — Cicero
Self-trust is the first secret of success. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it. — Publilius Syrus
No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now. — Alan Watts
That old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing. — Martin Luther King Jr.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars. — Og Mandino
You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star. — Friedrich Nietzsche
You can always count on Americans to do the right thing - after they've tried everything else. — Winston Churchill
Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe. — Winston Churchill
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends. — Shirley MacLaine
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be. — Socrates
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams. — Oprah Winfrey
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. — Confucius
If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing. — Margaret Thatcher
As a water bead on a lotus leaf, as water on a red lily, does not adhere, so the sage does not adhere to the seen, the heard, or the sensed. — The Buddha
You can't choose up sides on a round world. — Wayne Dyer
Friendship is essentially a partnership. — Aristotle
Should someone do good, let them do it again and again. They should develop this habit, for the accumulation of goodness brings joy. — The Buddha
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's. — Billy Wilder
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future. — John F. Kennedy
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick. — Bruce Lee
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek. — Barack Obama
Character develops itself in the stream of life. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being. — Jane Wyman
Each man has his own vocation; his talent is his call. There is one direction in which all space is open to him. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
That old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing. — Martin Luther King Jr.
A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action. — Jawaharlal Nehru
Do more than dream: work. — William Arthur Ward
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B. — James A. Yorke
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit. — Baltasar Gracián
It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them. — Epictetus
The sum of wisdom is that time is never lost that is devoted to work. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart. — Helen Keller
Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing. — Aristotle
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top. — Napoleon Hill
Do not scorn what you have received, nor envy the gains of others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind. — The Buddha
He who angers you conquers you. — Elizabeth Kenny
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world. — Helen Keller
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all. — Peter Drucker
Be great in act, as you have been in thought. — William Shakespeare
Rejoicing in our joy, not suffering over our suffering, makes someone a friend. — Friedrich Nietzsche
From error to error one discovers the entire truth. — Sigmund Freud
By believing passionately in something that does not yet exist, we create it. — Nikos Kazantzakis
If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith. — Albert Einstein
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. — Confucius
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives. — Tony Robbins
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish. — Ovid
Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving. — John Dewey
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. — Albert Einstein
No man was ever wise by chance. — Seneca the Younger
Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad. — Brian O'Driscoll
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create. — Albert Einstein
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship. — Louisa May Alcott
We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain. — Alan Watts
Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites. — Richard Garriott
The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason. — Thomas Paine
In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence. — Confucius
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances. — Martha Washington
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. — Marie Curie
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them to become what they are capable of being. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future. — Bernard Shaw
No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like. — Napoleon Hill
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations. — Chuck Swindoll
Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences. — Plato
Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel. — Mary Kay Ash
Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy. — Wayne Dyer
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. — Elbert Hubbard
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new. — Pema Chödrön
We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive. — Wayne Dyer
By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future. — Thích Nhất Hạnh
But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated. — Ernest Hemingway
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist or accept responsibility for changing them. — Denis Waitley
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else. — Pablo Picasso
Drop by drop is the water pot filled. Likewise, the wise man, gathering it little by little, fills himself with good. — The Buddha
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream. — Edgar Allan Poe
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. — Judy Garland
Much wisdom often goes with fewest words. — Sophocles
Communications tools don't get socially interesting until they get technologically boring. — Clay Shirky
Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have. — Ernie Banks
Once you choose hope, anything's possible. — Christopher Reeve
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. — Benjamin Franklin
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us. — A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Subdue your appetites, my dears, and you've conquered human nature. — Charles Dickens
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. — Wayne Dyer
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. — Laozi
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it. — Edith Wharton
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm. — Abraham Lincoln
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also. — Carl Jung
Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often. — Winston Churchill
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes. — Oscar Wilde
Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest. — Sri Chinmoy
The path to success is to take massive, determined action. — Tony Robbins
Technology made large populations possible; large populations now make technology indispensable. — Joseph Wood Krutch
True wisdom is less presuming than folly. The wise man doubteth often, and changeth his mind; the fool is obstinate, and doubteth not; he knoweth all things but his own ignorance. — Akhenaten
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood. — Seneca the Younger
Friendship increases in visiting friends, but in visiting them seldom. — Francis Bacon
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you. — Jean-Paul Sartre
Science investigates; religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power; religion gives man wisdom which is control. — Martin Luther King Jr.
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. — Samuel Johnson
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars. — Henry van Dyke Jr.
To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with. — Mark Twain
The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of. — Charles Henry Parkhurst
But at any rate, the point is that God is what nobody admits to being, and everybody really is. — Alan Watts
Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too. — Marcus Aurelius
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself. — Henry Reed
A heart well prepared for adversity in bad times hopes, and in good times fears for a change in fortune. — Horace
There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking. — Alfred Korzybski
The extreme limit of wisdom, that's what the public calls madness. — Jean Cocteau
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' — Martin Luther King Jr.
I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun. — Chuck Swindoll
Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise? — Confucius
He who is taught to live upon little owes more to his father's wisdom than he who has a great deal left him does to his father's care. — William C. Menninger
We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving. — Friedrich Nietzsche
There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain. — Plato
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back. — Wayne Dyer
Appearances are often deceiving. — Aesop
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage. — Confucius
Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Let the future tell the truth and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine. — Nikola Tesla
I love my past. I love my present. I'm not ashamed of what I've had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer. — Colette
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action. — Benjamin Disraeli
He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law. — Pablo Picasso
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. — Buckminster Fuller
I will prepare and someday my chance will come. — Abraham Lincoln
Do more than dream: work. — William Arthur Ward
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. — Eleanor Roosevelt
By accepting yourself and being fully what you are, your presence can make others happy. — Jane Roberts
Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue — Confucius
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going. — Napoleon Hill
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart. — Phil Jackson
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer. — Ed Cunningham
We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre. — Uta Hagen
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations. — Leo Buscaglia
You have to believe in yourself. — Sun Tzu
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom. — Theodore Isaac Rubin
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort. — John Ruskin
You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims. — Harriet Woods
Every friendship goes through ups and downs. Dysfunctional patterns set in; external situations cause internal friction; you grow apart and then bounce back together. — Mariella Frostrup
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing. — John Powell
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe. — Dalai Lama
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will. — Zig Ziglar
Cleverness is not wisdom. — Euripides
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible. — Walter Lippmann
Think how hard physics would be if particles could think. — Murray Gell-Mann
Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it. — Wayne Dyer
Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one. — Diogenes
You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be. — Lou Holtz
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth. — Marcus Aurelius
I love my past. I love my present. I'm not ashamed of what I've had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer. — Colette
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship. — Francis de Sales
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one. — Eleanor Roosevelt
The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of. — Charles Henry Parkhurst
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do. — Kahlil Gibran
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages. — Friedrich Nietzsche
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine. — Morris West
Quality is not an act; it is a habit. — Aristotle
Just as a solid rock is not shaken by the storm, even so the wise are not affected by praise or blame. — The Buddha
I think that we have a great opportunity to impart our wisdom and our knowledge and our experience to this younger generation. It may be different times, but experience transcends time, and wisdom transcends time. — Victoria Osteen
Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember. — Seneca the Younger
The great myth of our times is that technology is communication. — Libby Larsen
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day. — Marian Wright Edelman
Well done is better than well said. — Benjamin Franklin
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
You can do it if you believe you can! — Napoleon Hill
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be — Abraham Lincoln
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius. — Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Speak when you are angry, and you will make the best speech you will ever regret. — Ambrose Bierce
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love. — Hubert Humphrey
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do. — Lewis Cass
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do. — Benjamin Spock
Every man is a volume if you know how to read him. — William Ellery Channing
Never, never, never give up. — Winston Churchill
There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life. — James F. Byrnes
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. — Leo Tolstoy
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level. — Joyce Brothers
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. — Confucius
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. — Albert Einstein
Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception. — Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours. — Richard Bach
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves... there lies the great, singular power of self-respect. — Joan Didion
Love doesn't make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile. — Elizabeth Browning
Rejoicing in our joy, not suffering over our suffering, makes someone a friend. — Friedrich Nietzsche
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all? — Joe Namath
Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are. — Forrest Church
It is not wisdom but Authority that makes a law. — Thomas Hobbes
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration. — Niccolò Machiavelli
Imagination is more important than knowledge... — Albert Einstein
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration. — Ansel Adams
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world. — Marcus Aurelius
There is no great genius without some touch of madness. — Seneca the Younger
Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something. — Anton Chekhov
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. — Isocrates
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood. — Marie Curie
Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy. — Brian Tracy
Ethics change with technology. — Larry Niven
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know. — Laozi
Love at first sight is easy to understand; it's when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle. — Amy Bloom
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living. — Anaïs Nin
You spend a good piece of your life gripping a baseball and in the end it turns out that it was the other way around all the time. — Jim Bouton
You win the victory when you yield to friends. — Sophocles
Irony is the gaiety of reflection and the joy of wisdom. — Anatole France
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character. — Margaret Chase Smith
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward. — Amelia Earhart
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world. — Marcus Aurelius
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything. — Muhammad Ali
Tennis is a perfect combination of violent action taking place in an atmosphere of total tranquillity. — Billie Jean King
The only real valuable thing is intuition. — Albert Einstein
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. — Sam Levenson
Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something. — Anton Chekhov
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over. — Octavia E. Butler
It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end. — Leonardo da Vinci
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out. — Walter Winchell
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. — Albert Einstein
We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works. — Douglas Adams
In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first; the cash will come later. — Harold Geneen
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind. — Albert Einstein
When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it. — W. Clement Stone
A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action. — Jawaharlal Nehru
I don't believe in failure. It's not failure if you enjoyed the process. — Oprah Winfrey
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away. — Sophocles
Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter. — Charles Lindbergh
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes. — Napoleon Hill
Pure, holy simplicity confounds all the wisdom of this world and the wisdom of the flesh. — Francis of Assisi
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable. — Seneca the Younger
The thing that is disliked by me is also disliked by others. Since I dislike this thing, how can I inflict it on someone else? — The Buddha
Technology… the knack of so arranging the world that we don't have to experience it. — Max Frisch
What makes Superman a hero is not that he has power, but that he has the wisdom and the maturity to use the power wisely. From an acting point of view, that's how I approached the part. — Christopher Reeve
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander. — Abraham Lincoln
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it. — Hubert Humphrey
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness. — Euripides
First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination. — Napoleon Hill
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one. — John Lennon
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. — Napoleon Hill
Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance. — Francis of Assisi
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations. — Chuck Swindoll
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be. — Socrates
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility. — Eleanor Roosevelt
While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity. — Publilius Syrus
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over. — Octavia E. Butler
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. — Francis Bacon
Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it. — George Santayana
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you can see. — Winston Churchill
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door. — Kyle Chandler
I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being. — Confucius
Better than a thousand useless words is one useful word, upon hearing which one attains peace. — The Buddha
By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future. — Thích Nhất Hạnh
Every man is a volume if you know how to read him. — William Ellery Channing
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness. — Euripides
The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment. — Pema Chödrön
When in doubt, tell the truth. — Mark Twain
The secret of success is constancy to purpose. — Benjamin Disraeli
When watching after yourself, you watch after others. When watching after others, you watch after yourself. — The Buddha
We know what we are but know not what we may be. — William Shakespeare
Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe. — Gordon Hinckley
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant. — Tony Robbins
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly. — Richard Bach
There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain. — Plato
Where there is great love, there are always miracles. — Willa Cather
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best. — Margaret Thatcher
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict. — William Ellery Channing
The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing... not healing, not curing... that is a friend who cares. — Henri Nouwen
The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words. — Cicero
A thing well said will be wit in all languages. — John Dryden
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice. — Anton Chekhov
Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation. — Robert Schuller
Should a person do good, let him do it again and again. Let him find pleasure therein, for blissful is the accumulation of good. — The Buddha
Wisdom often times consists of knowing what to do next. — Herbert Hoover
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children. — Kahlil Gibran
All the great performers I have worked with are fueled by a personal dream. — John Eliot
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship. — Louisa May Alcott
Be great in act, as you have been in thought. — William Shakespeare
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get. — Michael Phelps
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages. — Friedrich Nietzsche
The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble. — Blaise Pascal
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life. — Daisaku Ikeda
How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world. — William Shakespeare
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. — Mother Teresa
Never reach out your hand unless you're willing to extend an arm. — Pope Paul VI
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness. — Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present. — Joan Rivers
To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with. — Mark Twain
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. — Albert Einstein
Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe. — Gordon Hinckley
As a technology, the book is like a hammer. That is to say, it is perfect: a tool ideally suited to its task. Hammers can be tweaked and varied but will never go obsolete. Even when builders pound nails by the thousand with pneumatic nail guns, every household needs a hammer. — James Gleick
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it. — Pablo Picasso
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. — Albert Schweitzer
The simplest things are often the truest. — Richard Bach
Wherever you go, go with all your heart. — Confucius
There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings. — John Astin
The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Technology is the campfire around which we tell our stories. — Laurie Anderson
A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire. — François de La Rochefoucauld
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars. — Henry van Dyke Jr.
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress. — Barack Obama
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour. — Mary Kay Ash
He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty. — Laozi
Well begun is half done. — Aristotle
Who sows virtue reaps honor. — Leonardo da Vinci
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all. — Dale Carnegie
Every problem has a gift for you in its hands. — Richard Bach
When in doubt, don't. — Benjamin Franklin
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are. — Marianne Williamson
Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable. — Carl Jung
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well. — René Descartes
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. — Samuel Beckett
There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest. The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest. — Confucius
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Just as a mother would protect her only child with her life, even so let one cultivate a boundless love towards all beings. — The Buddha
The friendship that can cease has never been real. — Jerome
Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose. — Simone Weil
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. — Aristotle
All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention. — Rudolf Arnheim
To see things in the seed, that is genius. — Laozi
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others. — Wayne Dyer
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail. — Abraham Maslow
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks. — Jerome
The superior man is modest in his speech but exceeds in his actions. — Confucius
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities. — Maya Angelou
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else. — Laurence J. Peter
Friendship, like love, is destroyed by long absence, though it may be increased by short intermissions. — Samuel Johnson
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream. — Edgar Allan Poe
We are wiser than we know. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there? — Richard Bach
There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest. The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest. — Confucius
All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope. — Alexandre Dumas
A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer and attempting a task he cannot achieve. — Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
I define friendship as a bond that transcends all barriers. When you are ready to expect anything and everything from friends, good, bad or ugly... that's what I call true friendship. — Harbhajan Singh
There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil. — Benjamin Haydon
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. — Seneca the Younger
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there's only scarcity of resolve to make it happen. — Wayne Dyer
The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that. — Eckhart Tolle
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. — Albert Einstein
There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it. — Henry Moore
When in doubt, don't. — Benjamin Franklin
Get busy living or get busy dying. — Stephen King
Computers are like bikinis. They save people a lot of guesswork. — Sam Ewing
Let the future tell the truth and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine. — Nikola Tesla
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship. — François de La Rochefoucauld
The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom. — Plato
Whoso loves, believes the impossible. — Elizabeth Browning
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you. — John Wooden
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams. — Oprah Winfrey
Numberless are the worlds wonders, but none more wonderful than man. — Sophocles
Life has no blessing like a prudent friend. — Euripides
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things. — Henry David Thoreau
Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that, so it goes on flying anyway. — Mary Kay Ash
Pure, holy simplicity confounds all the wisdom of this world and the wisdom of the flesh. — Francis of Assisi
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. — William Shakespeare
It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot. — Anatole France
Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Who sows virtue reaps honor. — Leonardo da Vinci
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish. — Tony Robbins
Wisdom often times consists of knowing what to do next. — Herbert Hoover
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted. — Og Mandino
As a technology, the book is like a hammer. That is to say, it is perfect: a tool ideally suited to its task. Hammers can be tweaked and varied but will never go obsolete. Even when builders pound nails by the thousand with pneumatic nail guns, every household needs a hammer. — James Gleick
Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance. — Thomas Carlyle
Knowledge has three degrees: opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition. — Plotinus
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing. — Bernard Shaw
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
You don't play against opponents, you play against the game of basketball. — Bob Knight
I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever. — Amy Tan
Between saying and doing, many a pair of shoes is worn out. — Iris Murdoch
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake. — Napoleon
Know what's important and what isn't. Have the wisdom to know the right thing to do, the integrity to do it, the character to stand up to those who don't, and the courage to stop those who won't. — Mark Goulston
An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts. — John Junor
Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable. — Bruce Lee
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed. — Kahlil Gibran
One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One needs to feel that one's life has meaning, that one is needed in this world. — Hannah Szenes
The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know. — Richard Bach
Time is the wisest counsellor of all. — Pericles
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first. — William Shakespeare
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still. — Laozi
If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away. — John Steinbeck
My friends are my estate. — Emily Dickinson
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it. — Marcus Aurelius
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. — Albert Einstein
A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one. — Chuck Norris
You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless. — Caroline Myss
Never reach out your hand unless you're willing to extend an arm. — Pope Paul VI
Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play. — Mike Singletary (basketball)
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. — Isocrates
The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion. — Thomas Paine
Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the Earth. — Abraham Lincoln
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible. — Maya Angelou
Friendship is the marriage of the soul, and this marriage is liable to divorce. — Voltaire
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back. — Wayne Dyer
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world. — Arthur Schopenhauer
The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be preserved by quotation. — Isaac D'Israeli
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens. — Carl Jung
The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion. — Thomas Paine
All is flux; nothing stays still. — Heraclitus
We can only learn to love by loving. — Iris Murdoch
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being. — Henri-Frédéric Amiel
Rejoicing in our joy, not suffering over our suffering, makes someone a friend. — Friedrich Nietzsche
Never promise more than you can perform. — Publilius Syrus
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible. — Walter Lippmann
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success. — Elbert Hubbard
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however. — Richard Bach
